 You're on the Son of Jesus Someone to be our friend, someone you care You're on the Son of Jesus Someone to be our friend, someone you care Breaker of ignorance, believer Takes a confess but leads to the test There is no choice, we need to take this I will tell him you know I'm the king of all things Reach out, touch faith You're on the Son of Jesus Someone to be our friend, someone you care You're on the Son of Jesus Someone to be our friend, someone you care You're feeling unknown and you're wrong Blasphemy by the ten of hands Lifted up the receiver of being you believe I will tell him you know I'm the king of all things Reach out, touch faith Reach out, touch faith Reach out, touch faith Reach out, touch faith Reach out, touch faith Reach out, touch faith Reach out, touch faith Reach out, touch faith I'm not afraid of the world's on fire and no one can save me but you Strange what a desire will make foolish people I never dream that I'd meet somebody like you I never dream that I'd lose somebody like you No I don't wanna fall in love with you With you This goes on What a wicked game to play to make me feel this way What a wicked thing to do to let me dream of you What a wicked thing to say you never felt this way What a wicked thing to do to make me dream of you And I don't wanna fall in love with you No I don't wanna fall in love with you No I don't wanna fall in love with you No I wasn't on fire and no one could save me but you Strange what a desire will make foolish people What a wicked thing to do to make foolish people What a wicked thing to do to let me dream of you We'll be back next week with Daniel Brelin, Yvette Yagi and Jacques Martin The end of the show So it's 12 or 13 o'clock, this week and next week, in the morning, on the last of October, we present the 5 candidates and the candidate to the State Council, Thira Jossot, who has allowed us to introduce you to Michel Glardon, candidate to the State Council for Solidarity. We'll try to find out what the trajectory of the man is, and ask him a few questions. A half hour, once he's not used to the schedule, we won't have the complete hour but half hour to make a portrait, since the candidates and the candidates to the State Council are also in the possibility of debate that we've offered them. There are more than 45 hours of missions on the schedule, without counting the mornings, of course. So in this context, we'll receive Michel Glardon. Michel Glardon, you're candidate to the State Council, you're candidate to the State Council, you're a man who has seen the political life of the public life, the Clesanois, and even more than that, for a few years. Tell us where you were born, what was your family like? The first cry you had in your birth, do you remember it? No, I don't remember, but I spent my childhood in Morge. And you were born in Morge? I was born in Vinturtour, and I came to Morge at the age of one, which means that I don't remember anything from that period. And I spent my childhood until I was 16, in this small town. You had a little bit of Swiss-Halemannic in your own home, still? No, no, I was from a Roman family, my father was exiled to Switzerland, and I have no trace of this kind. What were your parents like at the time, when you were born? My mother was born in Raccouché. Yes, of course, yes. And besides that, at the maternity of Vinturtour. And then my father was a pastor of the Paroisse de langue française of Vinturtour et Baden. Which explains a little Calvinist side, at Michel-Glardon today, no? Oh listen, I'm almost a fan of Calvinist treaties, because we often treat... The anti-Calvinist side? Yes, the anti-Calvinist side, yes. But I have a Protestant origin, indeed, which can explain a certain number of my attitudes, and also a reaction to Protestantism, to clericalism, which explains other attitudes. Were you in the style of the Kanker, at the bottom of the class, near the radiator, or the first class, in the middle of the class, between Guimet, the teacher or the teacher? Ah, I was always at the bottom of the class of the Kanker type, not really, because I did a very easy and fast school, but rather at the raclette. Tell us about your school, from childhood and adolescence, were you at Morge? I was at Morge, yes, at the primary school, and at the college of Morge. I kept quite strong reactions to the school, because I quickly felt that I didn't learn much. We were six children, a family, I had three big brothers, we had a beautiful family library, we were very much in the family frame, and the school seemed to me retreating compared to what I could find, myself, by asking people. What made me live without problems with the school, but with a lot of boredom since practically the age of eight. What did you do after the mandatory school? After 16 years, I moved to Lausanne, and I did a high school, from 16 to 18 years old, a university... Which section? Latin-Greek, as it should be. Yes, as it should be. As it should be, a tradition of a Protestant family, of someone who comes from a college in Provence, where the children of the bourgeoisie traditionally speak Latin-Greek. And at the time, you wrote the letters, was that logical? No, not at all. What could have been logical, what my brothers did was the theology, I was interested in it. I've been interested in it for 14 years, and I hesitated between law and social sciences. I signed up for both of them, and I chose more for social sciences, by doing some law and or current examinations. Did you think that if you had chosen law, you would be more radical or liberal than a solidary school? No, nothing would have changed. In my life, I've done more law and practice in social research. But there was probably a family point, one of my brothers who is a political scientist, and unfortunately, he died if he still lived, he would be a liberal national council. Very good. Michel-Glardin, you went out of university. What was your first job? I went out of university, and I worked at Pro-In-Firmice, a social service in Vaudoing, here in Rupichard, a few metres from here, for a year's shift. I was really interested in social issues, social work, social administration, and it was a shift for a year, the director left, there were a number of tasks to take, and I have to say that I learned a lot there, since I went out of university, I was one of the possible members of the social school, I was from the university, I really trained there in the concrete work of social assistance. You've changed a lot of jobs, tell us what you've practiced. With the shift, I think it's quite diverse, but the line is quite close, I worked as a social assistance with disabled people, then I went back to study in Paris, and I realized that there were things I could learn and that the university didn't offer me, and then I was in Africa, I was a team of technical cooperation developments, which has certain links, the community development, as I said at the time, certain links with my previous training, and this experience of exile, for a part, but also discovering a different world has marked me a lot, it was perhaps in the line. Going back to Switzerland, I was very impressed after two and a half years in a different culture, in a different society, of the fact that Switzerland had both moved forward and on the other hand, and that the world was taken more and more in a modernist circle, I didn't know English, since I had done Latin, Greek, and that kind of thing. So you stopped not doing English at the time? At the time, I didn't stop doing English when I had to choose, I don't know, I was 11 or 12 years old, in that time, I always chose very early at school, for me, English was the language of trade, I was interested in culture, so I had only taken English, later I regretted it, I left for Toronto, in Canada, I learned English, and I discovered a bit of the American Nore-American society. What are the trips that make up the youth or the future politicians? When does your commitment to political life in the life of Michel Gardeau? It's very recent, I've done a lot of political activities, if we want, as part of the group Action Prisons, the Human Rights League, but I'm very old, I'm very new in political matters, because I'm 48 years old. So you're not old? No, I don't feel old, I'm just in the middle of national council, which I find unfortunately too high, that's true. It's just two years ago, in August 1989, when the climate was in the dark of the time, the references of men, my trust in the state of municipality, I found that I could also concretize a political level, a certain number of choices, commitment, of the struggle that I like, but I've never, until a few months ago, let's say, until the creation of this alternative alternative fair federation, I've never attended any political organization. Do you feel that in real political entrepreneurship, when you're elected in a parliament, whether it's the liberating power of the Continental Legislative or the federal palace? In a certain way, in political entrepreneurship, when you're interested in the affairs of the city. That means you're very young then, for you. For me, yes, that means relatively young, with a great confidence in the eyes of political organizations, of all this work, a bit secondary, which ultimately represents the elections, I felt very politically, more than I was a candidate at the Comunade of Lausanne, for me it was the step of finally putting my photo on a newspaper to say, here's what I'm going to defend, how I'm going to defend it, etc. You weren't elected, were you disappointed? I was disappointed for the ideas that were presented, I was disappointed because it seems to me that alternative fairs are lacking at the level of the Comunade of Lausanne. It would give a majority, a majority of the red, green, more open, in my opinion, more offensive, and maybe it would draw you a little more of the current municipality that I must say, is quite deeply lacking. Michel-Glardon, can you explain to us how a day like this is yours today, finally, we're going to take one this week, for example, what time do you get up, what do you do, the first thing you lift, etc. Tell us a little about your day, as there is one type, tell us a day like that. A day, I wake up at 7 o'clock, I drink coffee, I always have a lot of trouble starting in the morning, I do the morning work, I never had time to read, I buy the world. You put one or two sugars in the coffee? I put some saccharine. I drink so much coffee that I have the taste of sugar. And then you take some croissants too, with? No, no, I don't drink in the morning. Well, let my life work more, I like it better. You read, you tell us, the world? I say the world, I buy it every day, I read it sometimes, I make it long, or it's at the end of the week that I can read it. And then, all this that you are deputies, you receive kilos and kilos of documentation, reports, which are nice things to open your eyes. Where do you live, Mr. Glardon? I am the elected president of the Valon. I am very proud to be the deputy of the Valon. The Valon? The street of industry, an immobile, threatened by the evolution of the urban market and speculators' combins. So you get up, you take your breakfast, you read the newspapers, you listen to the radio. In the morning, if in general, space 2? Yes, that's it, no details, no details, very good, space 2. It calms you, it relaxes you. Aaciduleduring this period. Yes, that's it, yes, indeed, like everyone else. So then, what do you do? You take your shower before breakfast or after? Dushes. Well, I don't know, you wash before breakfast or after breakfast? I take my good evening, listen to music. Perfect. So you take your breakfast, you read the newspapers, then what do you do? Then I will do, for me, an interesting moment, the opening of the postal box, the editions below. You are an editor? I am an editor, it's my job. It's also the 15th, I also have the 15th next to the ASV, I have the 15th of the Ilotunnel Ripon committee, a whole series of 15 at Ripon, and I will drink a coffee by saying, I love the opening of the courier, it's the world that comes to my table. You will drink a coffee, but not at home, in a bistro rather? I go to a bistro, I go to the tap where I think it's always fun, the people of the public work department, with whom we are in war, since they want to destroy the Ilotunnel Ripon and save us. Who will make you smile like that? We say hello cordially, yes. Or I go to the coffee shop of La Colline or the Corrône d'Or, there is a lot of public establishment between the Ilotunnel Ripon and I like it. So then you drank your coffee, you opened your courier, what will you do? I will also take what the courier brought me to do in the immediate, so I sit in my office, and then I find the agenda with a whole series of phones to do, I am in a job where things are going very well, communication, telephone, correspondence, in fact, now. I look for example every morning with a TV show, the orders that have arrived at the editions below, for me there is a kind of immediate sociology on the books that are sold, where, how, who, the orders, it gives me a reflection of where we are. And then you eat at noon? On the afternoon I eat in the neighborhood, in a restaurant in the neighborhood. Be careful, do you eat? Ah yes, a lot, I pay attention, not in the sense of super little grain, but I like to eat a lot, so I choose carelessly. Yes, I worry about my meal, on the afternoon and dinner, are extremely important moments. So what do you do in the evening, in conclusion, to take a day off for yourself? So the dinner, well, dinner, on the evening, which is a family moment, takes a lot of time. I like to talk around the table, it's an extremely important conviviality moment. Who is the family for you? The family for me is my friend, his son, who is not a son of civil state, but of heart for me, and my daughter who is of heart and civil state. And at the place of the value at this moment. At the place of the value at this moment. Michel Glardon, we will now enter the political debate, we have presented you, the auditors and the auditors will judge, we will do it with all the candidates, I would say the candidate and the candidate, politics, so I tell you now, injustice, what do you think of injustice? Injustice is social justice, first I think fundamentally, there are people in this society who have less chance than others, who are being run, the system works on exploitation, domination of a certain number of people, and then injustice in a certain number of cases, is the functioning of the state apparatus that we call, the claim of justice, and that I have denounced for many years in a series of errors, but also in a function in the background that violates a certain population that is revolting. You are the red in the green, we often present you like that Michel Glardon, you are at the GP, at the Ranconset, you are at SV, to the side of the national elections, you are the red in the green. Listen, red, I don't know, I'm also black, for a long time I was considered first as a libertarian, as an anarchist, and it's true that fights like those that we are currently carrying without armies for me join an anti-militarism, quite fundamental, even if I finally did my school of recruits and my short rehearsals. You are for the suppression of the army? Yes, 100% for the suppression of the army, it's an imperial necessity for the defense of peace, and also, I would even go further, I think we need to demilitarize our society, not only to suppress the army, but to demilitarize, for example, I am fighting for civil protection, I think there is a framework of military type that is dangerous and dangerous. But don't you think that if we suppress the army in Switzerland, it will not change much? There will always be in other countries. Well, listen, it would already change something in our country, no longer being square in our heads by this military system, we would be less born, and we have seen it with the P26 and things like that, by possibilities of fascist type prison, by certain minority groups, so there would already be a huge benefit, but I also think that Switzerland could play a much more important role if it had the courage to suppress its army and to really put ourselves on the side of the initiative of peace. Every time we wanted to attack the army in one way or another, to suppress it, or to remove a part of its army, the Swiss people said no, and then you come back to the systematical charge, why? Well, listen, it's like feminine suffrage, we can also say that the Swiss people said no for a long time, it's like the 40 hours that will finally arrive. It's the democratic game in this country, it's not about the people, but about the progress ideas, without manifesto, when the idea of the launch of the initiative for the complete suppression of the army that was launched by young socialists, it was a total skepticism, the socialist party itself had the pain to believe, in the end it had the intervention, it needed the intervention of young people that we consider as leftists, anarchists to save this initiative, and we got 36% of the Swiss who voted in favour of the suppression of the army, and nobody would have imagined that. Look at what is happening in terms of the objection of conscience, the vote on the Barrain project has shown that a majority of the Swiss are even of their own right, without favourable a civil service. If we add those who voted for the Barrain project for the civil service, and those who voted against us, because they find this project unsatisfactory. Ecology, which you are part of as a GP or green MP to the great council, is often the brake to development, that is how we present it, so defend yourself. Does ecology prevent, as we heard earlier, the construction that our society develops? Listen, if ecology could really prevent the disordered, freezing construction that we have today, it would be perfect. Look here at the Zan, we see very well we are fighting to save the immobles of the industry and the repone island. There are housing, and we want to remove all that to put in the offices. It is totally absurd. Ecology, as I am building it, that is, an open social ecology, maintains housing and a population in the city and does not exile it, and does not beat it. But the offices, they still have to. For example, those of the state of Vaud, or whether they are in the capital centre, so that we can still say that we are a capital, right? Not at all. We are at the time of decentralisation. Look, the police did not cry, they installed new barracks on the community of the world. There is a whole series of services that can be perfectly decentralised for the most well-done and of the Zan, which is signed by the administration, and other municipalities that would not look better than to open offices. The signing is also pollution. Are you at the absolute suppression of all the circulation in the cities? No, there is a complementarity of public transport and private transport. The car is necessary. I will deliver books at the post office where I will look every day. I will go with a car, I will go with so many other solutions to do it. On the other hand, it is true that there is a real possibility, and it is not enough to exploit, to give priority to public transport in the city so that we can move faster, less polluting. What do you think about the proposals of Alpine transversal in railways? Do you think that we spend a lot on railways, and that, apart from increasing the subscription, it has not been a direct consequence? I am very favourable to the crossing of Switzerland by railways. It is a solution that is much less polluting, even if it is necessary to remember that electricity is not currently produced in conditions that satisfy us. Switzerland cannot be a kind of self-driving corridor using Dutch or Italian trucks. But if we want Europe, we have to make this suggestion. No, I do not think so. I think we can really give the example of the possibility of transport by train, less polluting. I do not see why Italians are completely putting on trucks or Dutch to take two examples. We should align on practices that are anti-ecological, on the contrary, as in other fields, to give the example of a research of a better balance in terms of transport. In addition, transports themselves often fall into the absurdity. What is the political subject that you do not master at all? Or can? Listen, I am interested in all the subjects, those that I master the least technically, and that are still worrying me. I have to improve on that. It is the transformation of agriculture in our country. On the other hand, I am absolutely favourable in maintaining a peasantry. Even if it is not at home that we will find our electorate, it is obvious, except in certain groups such as the Union of Swiss producers or others with whom we are solid, in the whole peasantry and traditionalism in our country. I find it tragic the way it is abandoned in the name of the GAT in the name of European agreements. But I am therefore favourable in terms of the principles of agriculture, which are associated with the environment, which produce less but better quality products, a change in the sub-functioning systems. But I must tell you that in this area, technically, because I am not a child of the land and I have not dug this file, in terms of these transformations, I am certain that it is not the most competent. I will tell you about a subject which is a pre-election subject for you. It is the problem of drugs and delinquency in general. What must we do today in relation to this problem that is not increasing in our country, it seems? So delinquency does not increase, it decreases quietly, violence decreases very strongly if we compare it to a century ago. There are modifications. But drugs are a relatively new phenomenon in our societies, relatively new because since the beginning of the century, we know the history of morphine or cocaine that have never been put into place in the Republic, it is democratization, I would say, of drug consumption which is problematic. I believe that justice and police are on the wrong track attracting the joint smokers in festivals. It costs a lot, it is a mobilization of force. Obviously, it is more visible the results of fighting against the economic delinquency and the welcome of foreign capital in Switzerland. It is an easy action, it is powder in the eyes. It is an action totally useless at the social prevention level. We will not go to distribute drugs in our country. Listen, the police refuse, in your opinion, it is not the case of Zurich and Bern, refuse to distinguish between the sweet drugs and the hard drugs. I think that if we already solve the question of the sweet drugs, which is not reason to treat other than the question of alcohol, we will be able to pose the question of drugs differently. The distribution of syringes, I have intervened in the Grand Conseil to favor the information of the Group SIDA, which distributed syringes, which exchanged syringes, so clean syringes against used syringes, because the first threat against which it must be fought is the SIDA. We are facing two epidemics, one is really dangerous, fundamentally, because when people are contaminated, they are condemned to die, it is the SIDA. And then there is the other, which is the consumption of stupefying, where people can stop, can survive at different times. We see now the statistics of the mortality of the SIDA, to catch and now largely surpass these last months the statistics of the mortality of the overdoses. And the overdoses, if we accept to renounce the total strict prohibition and absurd that we impose, the overdoses would decrease very strongly. Whereas the SIDA, it is the main enemy, we must mobilize against the SIDA, and as the distribution of sterile syringes to the toxicoman, with the recovery of the old ones, of course, to not let things that can be contaminated be drained, is something fundamental. Last question, in one minute, it will be for all the candidates the same thing. You have noticed that we are a quarter of an hour to discover the candidate. Then we are dealing with a certain number of political themes, which are sometimes the pre-election themes, of the candidate or candidates who may not be preferred themes. That's how we measure the weather and the questions of your servant. One minute to tell us why, very concretely, you are a candidate at the SIDA's Council of Solidarity. Michel Gleardon. I think that at the level of the states, which is the body where the canton is, we can defend a certain number of cantonal positions. And there are cantonal positions that I would like to defend. The canton are competent. I take one example, I have one minute, in terms of execution of the penalties. It is a thing that is entirely of the canton's competence. And there, the canton of yours has made some new innovations, but could lead to a completely different policy. And I would like to be able to go to Berne, explain why the levels must change, their perception of the repression of the delinquents, why they are right, and why the others could follow them. 12.28, Michel Gleardon, thank you for coming. What are you going to do this weekend? Thank you, I have the manuscripts corrected, and the pages are closed. Madame, we are in three minutes with Hubert Raymond, who will be the second candidate and liberal after Michel Gleardon, SV Versolidaire. The second candidate we present to you, next week, Joseph Zizia-Diz and Daniel Brelat. And last week, Jacques Martin and Yvette Yagui. We present them. It is a portrait, there is no debate, it is next week. Thank you for coming. Madame, we are in three minutes with Hubert Raymond. It is now almost 12.29 minutes on Acidule, obviously.