 It's beautiful And when the crapples are marked They are always back In the heart of the little ones In the mud they take the door They let their head freeze And some temple, the world in breath Fierce in all the misery of this earth In the arms filled with She is always a noble in love And in their harshness And in the laziness that makes She has remained pure in the whole ocean Of lies that crush her face She is always a noble And when the crapples are marked They are always back In the heart of the little ones When the mud takes the door They let their head freeze And some temple, the world in breath The world of lies that crush her face She is always a noble in love The world of lies that crush her face The wall of the city hides us The clouds In the city of people without age Nobody has put the outside It makes so many people go out On the roofs of a forest of antennas And who knows where it leads You wait in the fog to escape You think that's what we do You search for a fresh in the wall To disappear in your nature Take me with you It will be like if I was a child It will be like if I was not there It's not very clear Do you want me And why do you want me It's not very clear Do you want me And why do you want me It's not very clear Do you want me It's not very clear Do you want me It's not very clear The wall of the city is like a round It listens to us and it feels Who has managed to find the health From the turn of the men of Pierre I should have maybe been on the ground You think that's what we do You search for a fresh in the wall To disappear in your nature Take me with you It will be like if I was not there It's not very clear Do you want me And why do you want me It's not very clear Do you want me And why do you want me It's not very clear Do you want me And why do you want me It's not very clear It's not very clear Do you want me And why do you want me It's not very clear Do you want me And why do you want me It's not very clear It's not very clear Do you want me And why do you want me It's not very clear Do you want me And why do you want me It's not very clear You are tied on the ends of a goal d of acid I see the bad moon rising I see trouble on the way I see fairer waves of lightning I see bad times today Don't go around tonight But if you find it take your dad There's a bad moon on the right I hear hurricanes are blowing I know the end is coming soon I hear rivers overflowing I hear the voice of rages running Don't go around tonight But if you find it take your dad There's a bad moon on the right Yeah, alright Hope you got your things together Hope you have a quiet bed today Looks like we're in for master work One night is taken for an act Well, I don't find the night But it's bound to take your dad Don't go around tonight But if you find it take your dad There's a bad moon on the right Don't go around tonight But if you find it take your dad There's a bad moon on the right I hear a demon on the right He says it's good It's good for you He says it's bad He says it's good for me When I forget you Whatever He doesn't call me name My name He calls me and I answer My name He doesn't call me name My name And I answer My name My name My name I'm the one who sees you He kills with fire My name My name The eyes are at the end We're both good at playing My name It's good I hear a demon He doesn't call me name He says it's good When I say yes He makes me do I'm the one who sees you He doesn't call me name My name He doesn't call me name My name He calls me and I answer My name He calls me and I answer My name And I answer My name My name My name When I wake up In the middle of the night My name My name I know who I am If I'm the one who sees me My name My name My name My name The eyes are at the end We're both good at playing My name My name The eyes are at the end We're both good at playing Oh No demon No demon Two weeks running away Better than a little baby dead No demon No demon Count your feet on the Shake where you're running This is the world King of Oh Oh So long Long ago Wasn't a dream Wasn't just a dream I know Yes I know See something real Oh See something to me To go up in the stream To the heat within the streams I thought I could hear Yeah Yeah Yeah Some other color in my name I just started to rage Two spirits dancing so stream Papakawa Was it was it Papakawa Was it was it Papakawa Was it was it Dream Dream away That you can't be there There's much you can't bear I hate It's early All I can say What more can I say I'm a river of sun To the mirror and go round and round I thought I could feel Feel Feel Feel Is it touching my soul Something awesome can't hold The suffering that wasn't for me Papakawa Was it was it Papakawa Was it was it Papakawa Was it was it Papakawa Was it was it Papakawa Papakawa Was done Helpy with wal Master I'm here to see the shape of me and, step inside my shoes, live inside my seat. Feel the way I feel, see the shape of me and, feel me, touch me, feel me, touch me. What color is the truth? Is it black, brown, yellow, white? I don't know the truth, cause I'm looking far away. Hey, show me how I can love this whole human race. Close your eyes if you really wanna see. How would it be if I were you and you don't be? Step inside my shoes, live inside my seat. Feel the way I feel, see the shape of me and, step inside my shoes, live inside my seat. Feel the way I feel, see the shape of me and, feel me, touch me. Feel me, touch me. I'm searching for the key to open the door, find a place where we can be secure. What color is the truth? I'm on a dump, it's black, brown, yellow, white. I don't know the truth, cause I'm stepping inside my shoes, live inside my seat. Feel the way I feel, see the shape of me and, step inside my shoes, live inside my seat. Feel the way I feel, see the shape of me and, step inside my shoes, live inside my seat. Feel the way I feel, see the shape of me and, step inside my shoes, live inside my seat. Feel the way I feel, see the shape of me and, step inside my shoes, live inside my seat. Feel the way I feel, see the shape of me and, step inside my shoes, live inside my seat. Feel the way I feel, see the shape of me and, step inside my shoes, live inside my seat. Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! I'm going to go! Video Variations He talks to her, but she doesn't answer She will come back, she will dance Or not, she will cry I am, you are here, goodnight You are fit, you are going to be I am, you are here, goodnight You are fit, you are going to be I am, you are here, goodnight Or not, she will dance like the wind Or not, she will regret We can love each other without starting again We are all in life, in the barren land The java of the days, made all the temples We are all in life, in the barren land If you remember, that you did it My brain, my brain, my brain I've been living in style On the costume that's mine, to the luxury life I've been living in style, and living in fact I've been doing the rounds On the costume that's mine, to the time on my hands Now I don't have to tell anybody where I'm gonna get that Who ever sent you away, I've ever said a memo In the nation about to change this whole thing And I'm gonna cheat back on that, I'm gonna go anywhere I had You're a pillow Now that I'm over it, I can't stop breaking down again Stay, let me out again, take me to that place Where I can find my way back Where I can find my way back My way, my brain, my brain My brain, my brain I've been living in life, on the costume that's mine To the work of a housewife I've been breaking up, and any business is going from away Whatever sent you in, I've been trying to go forward And then it really was come on, come on, that money As I knew when the hunt has begun, on the table I've made for two Now that I'm alone again, I can't stop breaking down again Stay, let me out again, take me to that place Where I can find my way back Where I can find my way back My brain, my brain, my brain My brain, my brain When the sun rises on the 8 o'clock sound It's 6am, 8am on Monday to Friday Information on the breakfast, traffic Sport, birth, singing, infopile, political, social But also, my mentor, invitation, history, life And everyday, the local news, live with a guest in our studio Live at 6, 8am Jean-Marc Léchard, Karine Roth, on your local radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, every day, at 6.30pm At 6.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your local radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, every day, at 6.30pm Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, every day, at 6.30pm Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, every day, at 6.30pm Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, every day, at 6.30pm Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, every day, at 6.30pm Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, every day, at 6.30pm Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, every day, at 6.30pm Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, every day, at 6.30pm Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, every day, at 6.30pm L is sweet, you roll up your window, the night air is cold The freeway is clear, in a ding-o-gee night Are your prized possessions, the tunes of your mind To go back to fear And when Monday comes round, there's a high-lone sunset And she follows you down for the kill And a white-blinded light, makes it all seem so right And you feel like a king of the hill The driveway is long, your princess is lovely Your servant's all-way, for you're now on the door How many years will you crawl through this castle So satisfied and still wanting more And when Monday comes round, there's a high-lone sunset And she follows you down for the kill And a white-blinded light, makes it all seem so right And you feel like a king of the hill And so, so, so, so The guests have arrived, with all the right faces But you missed the ball, in that room down the hall In sunrise again, the driveway's empty The crystal is cracked, and there's blood on the wall And when Monday comes round, there's a high-lone sunset And she follows you down for the kill And a white-blinded light, makes it all seem so right And you feel like a king of the hill When Monday comes round, there's a high-lone sunset And she follows you down for the kill And a white-blinded light, makes it all seem so right And you feel like a king of the hill Yes, you feel like a king of the hill Oh, you feel like a king of the hill Yes, you feel like a king of the hill Oh, you feel like a king of the hill Oh, you feel like a king of the hill