 In my book of dreams, in my book of dreams, in my book of dreams. I'll take your urgent whisper, stole the ark of a white wing. Throwed like foam on the river of pity, turned its tide to strength. Heal the hole that ripped in living, in my book of dreams. The spine is bound to last a life, tough enough to take the pounding. Pages made of days of open hand. In my book of dreams, in my book of dreams, in my book of dreams. Number every page in silver, under my name. Imagine a marker, take the name of every prisoner. The words is there, my word of honor. I took your urgent whisper, stole the ark of a white wing. Throwed like foam on the river of pity, healed the hole that ripped in living. In my book of dreams, in my book of dreams, in my book of dreams. In my book of dreams, in my book of dreams, in my book of dreams. In my book of dreams, in my book of dreams, in my book of dreams. Michel Glardon from SV Versolidaire, Uber Raymond from the Liberal Party. I was born in Forêt de Lavaux, but it's 120 meters high. We're not born in the vineyards, we're born in a country where business is strong. I lived as a child in Forêt de Lavaux. I was a bicycle driver because the road was not smooth. I was a bicycle driver. I was a bicycle driver. I was a bicycle driver. A dog jumped against me and since that day I've been afraid of dogs. I was afraid of a dog this morning on my way to the city. I was a terrible dog. I would never hurt him. There was one time he was going to be shot, but that's how it was. How old were you at the time? I was nine. You did the mandatory schoolwork in Forêt de Lavaux. I was a bicycle driver in Saint-Vinier. I regretted the fact that we left the trains. There was a terrible atmosphere in those trains. We were always nice, because we were young. We were a little noisy. I did those trips during the secondary schoolwork period until maturity. I was a little bit cocky when you were a child or an adolescent. I was one of those who liked to answer to the institute. I don't think it's too easy. I was lucky to be a good student. I was a little bit upset in some answers I gave to the institutes. What did you choose as a secondary school section at the time? I was a high school in commercial maturity. I worked in Switzerland for a year and a half. I took back university studies. My parents weren't warm at the beginning. I had to earn some money to go to university. Your parents were farmers. When you have parents, you become a farmer. I had a son, a brother, and when I was 12, my grandmother told me one day that we had always taken the Bernouin regime. Your grandfather was the father, your father was the father. You're not the father, you're not the father. I remember not sleeping there, because I thought that this family would be my future. Since that day, I've said I have to do something else. Did you regret not being a farmer today? I regret nothing. I have a very good connection with my brother, who is a farmer. We see each other very often. I like to give a hand, even though I've been to the state council. It's going to decrease, but I'm known for a man who knows how to make a mistake, who knows how to make mistakes, who knows how to drive a tractor. I don't regret it, but I'm still very attached to agriculture. I think farmers don't hate me. Hubert Raymond, you went to the school in Lausanne, in secondary school, you explained the section, and you said you were going to go back to university. What did you do at the university? I went to the school in Lausanne. I went out with a license. After that, I went to work at Omega in Biennale. For four and a half years, I worked at Omega between my working hours, since I got married. I prepared a doctorate, and I supported a doctorate test in the title, It was Vocational. It was the distribution of quality oral oral in the world. But I killed myself at work. That was before the Japanese? It was before the Japanese. The Japanese were already there. Saiko was already a very, very big competitor. Omega suffered from the rise of the American good market. First, the 100 dollars, 4.95 dollars, and the Japanese Saiko. But I was so troubled to do this doctorate test on Saturday and Sunday, the morning, since I was 60, my working hours, I had to win my life. We were parents, we had children, and I was so happy that I finished this doctorate test. I was out of my mind, if I may say so. And then I wanted to come back to my country and I got involved in the Agriculture Chamber. You didn't have any watch, did you? No, I had a watch. Did she belong to Switzerland? She belonged to Switzerland. It was Omega. I was afraid of you because she was Japanese. No, I stayed faithful to my employees, and this loyalty lasted until the end. I think that loyalty is one of the best qualities. Then, after the university, after the doctorate test, what did you do? I was involved in the Agriculture Chamber as the head of the whole credit section for agriculture, and the entire financial-related section for agriculture. Until the day I became the director of this institution, which is a union of agricultural producers, or agricultural farmers, where I think the Agriculture Chamber is quite different. It is still different by its character of front-seekers. I don't agree with the Swiss Fethier-Suis, the Swiss Union of countries. Your parents must be very proud of you. A son who was in agriculture, and the eldest son of the two, was the one who was in the management's house. My father was very proud. My mother told me, if you say so badly about the directors, you should never do this job. My mother didn't want me to say bad about her son. Obviously, we say bad about the directors or the officials of a professional organization that is not a union or a national. It is normal. The troops don't always agree with the bosses. How did you meet your wife? I met her at the Paroise. She came from Savigny, and Savigny and Forel form the same Paroise. I met her at the Paroise Youth Centre, where I was, I believe, a member of the SIDU. I was the vice-president, and then that's it. After the CVA, which is the immobiliary Vodouaz, the industrial Vodouaz, it's still in the show. After the CVA. While I was in the agriculture chamber, I had published an article on the responsibility of the editor who took part in the agricultural journal. I received a letter of congratulation from the director of the bank who said he wanted to see me. It was Mr. Givel from the BVD. Roger Givel, that's it. Roger Givel came to me and said you had to come to the Board of the BVD. I told him there was no question about it. It took three years. I left it there. I went to the Board of the BVD four times a year. It was unimportant until the day when I found myself efficient for the BVD. He told me I had to take my leave and you would succeed. That's how I became the director of the Board of the BVD, which is a regional bank. I would say a big regional bank. It's not a bank, it's a cooperative company. And this agency has 27 branches in the country. It's the strength of developing small and medium-sized companies. Tell me, did you enter politics influenced by your experience of the CVA or did it go before? I entered politics at 18. Oh yes, very early. I entered politics very early. I was one of those young people who fought in politics from the beginning. My father was a little municipal in the forest, but I think he was quite indifferent to the color of politics. I entered politics very early in the liberal party. I always had very liberal opinions. And I expressed very early in the liberal party in congresses and assemblies. Your political career, it wasn't just the Council of the States. Have you had other participations, legislative parties, liberal powers? Well, not quite. Yes, I was on the communal level, but I was obviously a municipal council member in Savigny, where we live, my wife and I. But I was mostly involved in the party's survey at the Quantonale Committee, then at the Quantonale office. And I was the first Intervault parliament to enter the Council of the States without having passed neither by the Grand Council nor by the National Council. It was a surprise that my election in 1979. Do you remember what you felt when you learned that you were elected in 1979? Listen, I first felt, and you will be troubled, I first felt a shame and almost a shame for the one I had fought who was Mr. Maurie Jeunoux, whom I appreciated as a man a lot. I didn't appreciate the ideas, it's normal, I fought them, but as a man. And I remember being extremely intimidated in front of television the night of my election in front of Mr. Maurie Jeunoux. I think it's a feeling I will never lose. Hubert Raymond, the political life we will talk about in a few seconds, I would like you to tell me your daily life, a day, as we did earlier with Michel Gardeau, a type of day, what time do you do it? Listen, it's a crazy life. We have to tell them. It's a crazy life because the Council of the States is heavy. At the moment, we are in session of the Council of the States. I just received a letter this morning that I have, Monday morning, a session of the Council of the States at 7 o'clock, a session of the Commission at 7 o'clock. As the previous evening, I am in the electoral camp. That means I will get up at 4.30 to take the train from 5.20 to Lausanne. I think I will be in Berlin on the train. I will sit until noon. As the Council of the States is sitting, I will speak Monday after noon. I will come back on Monday to work at the Bon-Gveau-Dazs-Cré-Dix, all near here, at Place Pépinée. Then I will stay until 6 o'clock, after having eaten two apples and two grapes of raisins in the afternoon. Do you work in the regime? No, but I think that during these periods, you should not work too hard on the lunch. I eat a lot in the morning. What do you eat in the morning? I will tell you what I drink. For an old country boy, I don't drink milk. I never drink milk, it was bad for my parents. I drink hot water, that is tea. No coffee? No, coffee is for lunch. I drink a lot of tea, almost a thousand liters of tea, and then I eat butter, confiture, and my gruyère, I am a gruyère lover. It is not very original. I always eat black bread. Because it is better than the other. I eat black bread, and it is better to walk than to eat black bread, as prisoners say. It is not dry bread, in general. No, black bread is never dry, it is always good. What do you put in honey, confiture on your tart? I have the chance to have confiture in the garden, it is my wife who is growing it, she makes her confitures herself. You eat at noon the minimum strict, the raisin and the apple, and then you eat at night? I like to eat well. I like to eat well, I like to eat meat. I think that I like a lot of beef, but I also like pork a lot. I have remained quite traditional. I do not say that I do not like fish, but I am not very modern yet for fish. I say it once a week, but... Friday? No, there is no day. No, there is no day, not necessarily Friday. 12h45, Hubert Raymond, you are a council member, you are a liberal. If I tell you, danger is coming from our country, what is the danger you think of? The main danger. The first danger that is coming from our country is isolation. It is the isolation of a Swiss who has been living for 40 years of great prosperity, with high debates, who enters a period of recession that seems different from the one we had before. I think that the pressures that are coming from abroad are pressures that are going to be hindered in all sectors, to be exploited. I say only exploited, but we will have to be exploited, because they are coming abroad. I think that I fear a lot the partisans of what is called the Lallane Gang, and who think that Switzerland will be able to stay eternally a hero against the foreigners at the limit. So you are a defender, we will see against all the adhesion to Europe. I am convinced that Switzerland will adhere to Europe, but I think it would be an error to ask the question immediately to the Swiss, they would say no. It is better to wait for the adhesion, I think about a 15 years, still necessary. However, I think we have to unregulate a whole series of situations to open ourselves, to fight for the competition, to open our markets abroad and to open our markets abroad. Because of some rules, some situations are also subject to, for example, losing a little of our identity, I think, to the right of the initiative, to the referendum, I think to the common autonomy and region. Do you agree that we lose this identity to the profit of Brussels? I think that Brussels is a constant a sub-national creation, and there are a certain number of sectors that are true where we will lose by Brussels if there are straight lines of the right to the initiative and referendum. This is why we must be careful, we are not walled. We must consider one day what happens to Brussels, finally, we contract and we have to modify our laws, modify a whole series of dispositions, whether we want it or not. So the contract comes from Brussels, in a whole series of areas, you see the suffering, the current difficulties of agriculture, we have to go through, even if we have the initiative and the referendum. And so if we are in, we can influence. But then the farmers, if they listen to you, they will not be very happy because they are not particularly for Europe. I think you know, bad farmers, your rights and the farm of agriculture with which I stayed in contact, currently fighting for a quick adhesion, I think they will be too strong, I think they will be too strong, but farmers know today that 25% of the population in Switzerland, located at least 10 km from the borders, can be provided outside, in food industry, twice a week, absolutely easily. And this supply makes the Swiss agriculture lose a whole series of debuts. So with the quality of the Swiss agricultural production, there is no doubt that we could export a little with brand policies, subcontractive production, there is no doubt that the agricultural股doise is ready to face this fight. It surprised me during the last debate I had with farmers. They were more European than me, and it did me a lot of good, a lot of good from the speakers. So in fact, you are like the rice and the apple that you never eat, half rice, half apple for Europe for now. Or half fig, half rice, we will say. Yes, to this point, to this point that Europe is all in a series of things, in terms of workforce, in terms of economic, in terms of environmental protection. That also means the passage of 40-ton trucks. You hear the suppression of the seasonal status, do you agree? So, suppression of the seasonal status, it is inevitable and necessary to suppress it. It is also necessary to agree the family recruitment, by the way, we forbid the family recruitment. And it is done by the fate, I believe that, the facts exceed the laws today. The seasonal status will not last. I am sure that this seasonal status, and I share the opinion of the federal council on this subject, will disappear, precisely for the countries of Europe, of the CIA and of the ILE. But there is a part of it, a fantastic part of it, which we never think about. It is that by suppressing the seasonal status for these countries of Europe, capitalists, we will open these countries of Europe, capitalists, to a whole series of Swiss who would also like to go. There is a whole series of sectors in which the Swiss do not find activity at home, according to their training. Think, for example, at the Naval camp, think of the automobile, think also of the nuclear, which is in a moratorium at home. In all these sectors, if they want to be interested, they can do nothing, they can't go abroad, they have no work permits. It will be given if with Europeans. And I believe that to have children who are 20 years old and more, between 20 and 25 years old, and to have three, I can tell you that they tell me, it's crazy, we would like to go abroad, we can go to work, we can't go to the black. I have a daughter who worked, who is currently an institution in Lausanne, who worked for a year in the black, in Germany, which was scandalous, I wrote it every day to say it was not normal. She worked in the black because she absolutely wanted to learn German in German. What do you think of the Federal Council's decision to remove the work permits for the Yugoslavia while Europe opens up and Yugoslavia has many problems, and we say, we have to include Yugoslavia in Europe. Isn't it so progressive? I was very surprised by the Federal Council's decision a week ago, which implies that the Yugoslavia are, except for my part, the second group after the Italians, foreign countries who assume important work permits in our country. I think there are only Portuguese before, or in equalities. It's possible for the Portuguese to be second. I don't want to get on the slide. No, I think it's a detail. It's possible. The Federal Council has put in place the policy of the three circles. The first circle would be, he put in place, he wants to put in place. The first circle is the exchange of work permits in the framework of the common market and the ILE. Yugoslavia is neither one nor the other. That's why, in the Federal Council's view, Yugoslavia is in the second circle, that is, the circle of countries where the contingency is kept, and the restrictions are kept. All the problems of Yugoslavia are to be found in its future. I remind you that there is still a civil war at the moment. And as Yugoslavia arrives to integrate, to hang the ILE wagon, or to make an agreement, I think it will also be possible by this effort, and it may be a pressure from the Federal Council to delay the internal peace, and to manifest what he has demonstrated in the Yugoslav handbook a week ago. Earlier, we were talking about the federal urgent stops that have allowed us to address the problem of the immobilization. Are they still effective? Is it necessary to keep them or should we let people speculate? The federal urgent stops have not served at all. They have had the consequence of decreasing very considerably the speed and the efforts of the entrepreneurs who wanted to build them. We are lacking housing in this country, and in order to put considerable restrictions on construction and the immobilization transfer, we have extremely serious consequences on housing. I think it was not very moral, Ubers, the speculation is a scandal. The speculation is not moral. Unfortunately, we must know that we have periods of overheating and periods of economic depression. The urgent stops have come too late. At the moment when the National Bank, on which no one can have the slightest influence, you know it well. Why is it the National Bank that manages? It is not the National Bank. It is the National Bank that manages. It is the National Bank that regulates, like the German National Bank, the French National Bank. The governments have nothing to say about the National Bank. They restrict the monetary mass to raise the interest rate. At that moment, we took urgent stops, and at that moment, it was not necessary to take them. Do you hear, Hubert Raymond, that power is not between those who do politics, but between the few banks that are at the Swiss National Bank or elsewhere? The banks are never at the National Bank. They cannot be. You must know that. It is still very important. There is no bank that is at the National Bank, no administration of the National Bank, it would be forbidden. The National Bank is really a central bank that manufactures bank bills, which is money, and which puts it in the economic circuit. It is clear that if we manufacture bills around the arm and put them in the circuit, we have 100% to 200% inflation, like we have in the United States, at some times, like we also have in some countries of the Middle East, in some countries of the East, for those who come from the East, I have friends who are from Romania, the inflation is 1,000% in one year. So, I am convinced that if there were banks at the National Bank, it would be better, because never would the banks have admitted that we are constrained to increase the interest rates of 60% in the space of 18 months. I think it was too much, too much, too much. We had to increase the interest rates, because we have to align with Europe, we are well aware of it, but this brusquery was really too much for the Swiss economy, especially for the small and medium-sized companies. Very good. So, maybe one more question that we will ask all the candidates, or the candidates and the candidates, Hubert Raymond, and you may have heard it earlier, what is the political subject that you may master the least well or that you do not master at all? The political theme. Listen, it is extremely difficult, but I would say that it is all the factors that concern the penal code, the penal code, where we are always in perpetual movement and change of the Swiss penal code, there are always add-on to do. And the definitions in the penal code, the definition of what is an infraction, of what is a flight, of what is a dol, it is something so delicate that personally, I must say that I must hang up every time I ask questions to the judges. The judges have a terrible advantage compared to all the others in this sector. There is an initiative that takes it. 50% of women are national, 50% of men are national. What we call, between Guimers and Cota, are you for? I am absolutely against. Why? Because I think that man and woman work together to improve the situation of the country, to balance this situation of the country. I think there are left-wing people, right-wing people, right-wing women, right-wing women, right-wing women, right-wing women. There are left-wing men, right-wing men. And it is the conjunction of these different parties, these different colours, these different opinions that must be found. Because then I would tell you why we should not have the National Council, 18% of people over 65 years old, plus we have 18% of people over 65 years old in the population, etc. Are you for women to do politics or do you prefer to see them remain in the oven? I am partisan. I have been fighting. I told you that I had started to do politics at the age of 18. I fought for the right to vote for women at the age of 18. In those years, the hardest thing to convince was my father. I asked him, the right to vote at the age of 18 did not exist at the time, I told him, my father, you authorize me to go with you to vote. And I had demanded that he go up without a vote. I remember that I was being marked at the office of vote. I had demanded that I be sure for my mother that my father voted for the right to vote for women. You were happy when the verdict fell? I think I drank a few glasses tonight. Hubert Raymond, one minute to tell us why you are a candidate for the re-election at the National Council of the States. Because I like it. Because I think I'm still young. And I'm in the middle of the state council and because I think I have some ideas to defend. Thank you for coming this morning. I hope you have a good weekend. What do you plan to do? So, this afternoon, it's the launch of the electoral campaign. I'm here this afternoon at the Radicaux, at Puy-Dou, tonight at the Liberaux, in Orbe. Tomorrow, I'm going to church as a church, as a church, as a church, as a church, as a church, as a church, as a church, as every Sunday, I play a little bit ready. And then, I'm on my way to Vita. And then, I'm working, because I have to be able to give the tour. So, I'll be very certain that tomorrow afternoon, I'll ask for a council to unlock the banks' banks to go and work. But you're going to eat at noon today, right? I'm going to eat, yes. Not a snack, but a raisin. Listen, yes, because I don't have much time. I have to find myself at 2 o'clock at Puy-Dou. I'm going to go to my wife Savini. So, it's going to be a little bit faster. Thank you for coming. Good weekend, ladies and gentlemen. I remind you that the next meeting of the elections on Asacidule is Monday morning between 6.30 and 8.30. Directly from the Place de la Gare, from Renan. It's a morning show of Asacidule that offers you all what you've always wanted to know about the region without ever being able to ask for it. This time, you know this region from day to day, ladies and gentlemen. It starts from A and ends at Z. Sometimes, we have the same model. We have a sale of letters. In the Anoise region, so, at the Place de la Gare, from Renan. Next week, we'll be in Saint-François. We'll receive two daily candidates who take the place for us with breakfast. It's not a plagiarism of Patrick Ferla, it's regional breakfast. And then, we ask them questions like that. We try to present them to you so that you can discover them. Because the portraits of the morning are the opportunity to discover people who are a little less known, a little less known, for example, Hubert Raymond, Michel Gardon, who is the candidate for the Council of the States. And then, Friday evening, it's the big debate. And Friday next, at the Place central, ladies and gentlemen, it's the most total and the most absolute event. It's the debate with the candidates at the Council of the States. It's Friday, so all the candidates. We'll be there. We'll be there. They'll be 1 and 5, there, a woman and 5 men. And they'll debate about the thing. Of course, the election at the Council of the States. And then, don't forget that Saturday morning, we'll be there. At the Pallieu between 11.30 and 12.30. For a debate between 12.30 and 13.30 for a presentation of two candidates. Without forgetting that we'll be at Morges on October 12th for a debate on Europe. And to present you the last two candidates. Next week, it's Joseph Zizia 10 and Daniel Brelat. Next week, it's Jacques Martin and Yvette jaggi . Thank you for coming. Have a good day. Thank you. Bye. And good appetite to all.