 Like a miracle wheel, we need it and I don't spend Slaying this to a lucky fan, I watch you weak and give them your love In the tunnel of love, you'll never know I'm ready to get fat To start at the top of a marathon, I fell in love And that fad is a burn Last night I took a walk in the dark, to a place called by the safe walk And I had to burn and see what I could see That's when the girls are, I took a ride on the shoes, the shoes The girl that's left me somewhere's up on the feet I want to stop to his holding hands with me Mama's flying up, like a rocket ship, like a rolling compass Fire is like a lift to the memory, like a miracle wheel We need it and I don't stand, we dance around to a rocket fan I wish you weak and give them your love In the tunnel of love, you'll never know I'm ready to get real To start at the top of a marathon, I fell in love And that fad is a burn We want the burn, so the burn The night burn, so the burn Alright, alright little gentlemen, the shadows of night are right back So I hope everyone's going very well tonight, that you're in full form Tonight, newbies, not enough to keep you in the mood Naturally, the shadows of night, the best emiss on the whole Bassin les Maniques Radio assidue 102.8, 215, 111 for the FAD, we're not hesitating So before we go through all the newbies we have tonight We're going to have some fun, we're going to do some good stuff The last public handling, which is very good We're going to listen to a little old man, first to get on the train After the Ramones, which is not going to be part of the park We're going to listen to the nomads, which are singing in the trail of me A recording of a group of 60s, which is called Mouths in the Trap Okay, let's go the Ramones, oh the nomads, so let's go We've all walked in all over me, they want to stop my name in the ground They use their rooms, they try to confuse me, but I just don't make a sound I'm used to carrying an overload, yeah, carrying more of my share But your side of life, you try to cry, but baby you just get a minor nerve Don't you tread on me, don't you tread on me, don't you tread on me I just want to be free, don't you tread on me, don't you tread on me No, no, no, no, no Your face makes me cry, things I don't quite understand Like you go out with the other guys, but you say I'm your older man Don't you tread on me, don't you tread on me, don't you tread on me I just want to be free, don't you tread on me, don't you tread on me No, no, no, no, no I need you, I need your loving, but don't you try, walk on me Don't you tread on me, don't you tread on me, don't you tread on me I just want to be free, don't you tread on me, don't you tread on me No, no, no, no, no, no, no No, no, no, no, no, no Don't you tread on me, don't you tread on me Don't you tread on me, don't you tread on me Don't you tread on me, don't you tread on me I'm gonna let them know that Dolomite is my name and fucking up motherfuckers is my game I'm gonna let them know that Dolomite is my name and fucking up motherfuckers is my game When I feel a blow on him, don't bring him to see me She said you'll swim in me until you stop the rain To be a boy inside it was your natural destiny Will you remain until you're one in harmony? When you see me feel me like a juice on the plate When you see me feel me into the book bag case Look upon me I'm gonna let them know that Dolomite is my name and fucking up motherfuckers is my game Come on me and play with her, let's you test your failure Want to have a test in a cookie pan and feed In a heart in a womb you are a self and bring it to Hear your mammalian tell your running down the land When you see me, hear me like a true son of prey When you see me, hear me like a dog of blood like a gaze Look upon me, look upon me, look upon me, look upon me To the tiny flag, to the tiny flag, to the tiny flag To Tim Glare, it was the Big Chief and the Cheesy Music I hope you like it, you only remember Cheesy Music You know the music of the future, the only real music that will save the Christian West from the plague You are all aware of the plague that is now being saved in the West of the West It's a very serious plague because it's the first cultural plague we've been suffering since the Middle Ages The Big Chief and the Cheesy Music will save the Christian West from the plague Thank 네, thank you for us, thank you, to the Shadow of Night Let's talk about the news, we've been listening to Nirvana for a while now We've been listening to Nirvana for two weeks now, we'll see We've been listening to the last 10 tracks from Nirvana The music of the future is now being released in 3 turns, I didn't listen to it but I think it's not the case I was so excited to listen to it and they had the bad time to see the Nicknocks, the eternal drummer and the amp So that the alcoholism can be learned, we don't know much about it It's true that Nicknocks was a very neutral lock but it wasn't a reason to see it The last tracks, you know the Red Outs, we'll talk about it later The band is coming out in 3 turns, I haven't listened to it yet so you'll know And the next event is the release of the public enemy So we'll talk about the public enemy, it's pretty apocalyptic So we're at Nirvana for the moment, Maze Like a Team Spirit to start our quarter, half an hour new show Hello, hello, hello, hello Hello, hello, hello, hello Hello, hello, hello, hello I'm worse than what I do best Before this kill for fear of death A little girl has always been, always will until now Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello Well the lie down is dangerous, you and I now Entertainers, I'm just stupid Incontingent, you and I now Entertainers, I'm a liar, I'm a fighter I'm a ghetto, I'm a freedom Yeah, yeah And I forget just why I didn't listen yet I guess it makes me smile, I found it hard It's hard to find the well, whatever, nevermind Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello Well the lie down is dangerous, you and I now Entertainers, I'm just stupid Incontingent, you and I now Entertainers, I'm a liar, I'm a fighter I'm a ghetto, I'm a freedom Entertainers, I'm a liar Nirvana It smells like a chinspiric, what do you think about it man? Not too bad for beginners Beginners, you know, I don't have to be playing together man I, I, you know, motherfucking is my game and whatever is your name What is he saying there? Ah no, that's a big TV, I don't know Dolomite is my name I'm fucking up motherfucking is my game It's actually quite good, the name and the aim of the show It's a new name Shadow of the Nine is my game and fucking up motherfucking is my game You got it, Rollin, Rollin, back in the studio I have a lot of discs Always only hardcore, of course, it's gonna be the poor, the poor, the poor It's not very good, it's not very good You know what hardcore is with Radio Assilin? Because, oh, hardcore No but I think you used the term a little bit, abusively Ah but it's sure we used it abusively, what the hell The terms are made to be used abusively, right? Well, you know what you're talking about Well, we don't use hardcore, it's either rap or funk We don't use hardcore, so we use hardcore pop, but it's always hardcore Popcore, cheesecore So there's hardcore at the end, it's fine Exactly, it's always very hardcore Always very hardcore, whatever we use Well, about hardcore, listen to a bashmuko group No but stop saying anything Speaking of, we're gonna talk about Modena, I'll tell you And a little anecdote about Modena, one day, Shadow of the Night invited a group Called the Third Eye With Third Eyes Third Eye Third Eye And then they once passed a song by Modena And they arrived and said, yeah, a great hardcore group, Modena And I laughed and then left So you laughed and then left Yeah, because they don't know what they're talking about Let them, let them I mean, only the peaceful ones know what they're talking about Excuse me, excuse me, so you understood So it's a band that's unqualified, like all the American bands Is it? All the American bands are unqualified Yeah, it's the best, I mean, apart from that, they're unqualified Ok, very good, so a unqualified group is the... Mod? Ok, they're gonna interpret us A song, a quick song, we're gonna tell you the title Maxie, who preceded the release of the album Every Boy Deserves Good Fudge No, Every Good Boy Deserves Fudge Every Boy Deserves Good Fudge, no No, Every Good Boy Deserves Fudge, ok, Maxie It's Maxie's fourth song And the song is called... Shake Out Time No, that's not it The fourth song is... No, it's R.A.T. Roll the Money It's about the Hollywood Star System And Mod and Nise don't want to be part of the Hollywood Star System To tell you it's the rebels It's the rebels, but it's also the rebels Yeah, they have real reasons Mod and Nise don't Ok, very good, so it's... We'll tell you later Ok, let's go And then a little bit of good body I don't care how I feel And I'll get the fuck with chills I'll just sit and get in The money will roll right in I would give you some If you only would've treated me nice You wish that you did You'll feel pretty stupid I'll just sit and grab The money will roll right in I'll just sit and grab The money will roll right in It's fun to be a star It's nice to have a car Yeah, you'll have to admit That I'll be rich as shit I'll just sit and grab The money will roll right in The money will roll right in The money will roll right in The money will roll right in Alright, kids, that was Don't wanna be known The most grunge group in the West of the West And apparently it's Muddy Rollins Who's always been very well informed That's how we should name this kind of music I don't know the term, but I'm saying Officially, who's looking at me What the fuck is officially? We call it body If you really wanna call that grunge If you really wanna call that Music, for example The world music You call that world music, don't hesitate So this was a very grungey song The money will roll right in You know what I'm saying Another anecdote, you like it, right? The Fordus 10, with its orphan designs The 10 of the Peaceful They also have an orphan design on it So when does the 10 of the Peaceful come out? We have problems, we have problems We'll talk about it another time I'll read you in private If you're interested in calling the 25011 To know when the 10 of the Peaceful will come out Since it's a scoop we'll offer you The Peaceful in the Califlores are registered And they'll come out something Something good, by the way A remarkable music video It's not nice No, it's not I was at the source Oh la la, ok At the heart of the body She's going down in the vortex So what do we listen to? I think it's you who's playing I don't know, we're new to the band After the Nirvana, after the Mudoni There's more than 6 new The last anecdote, when we didn't know anything For the simple reason we're used to This album, which is, let's say, A very special, calm, A lot more funk, more loud According to the tangy words I repeat Something that's not really metal Fun that we could expect Something more personal Ibrahe, whatever they want We'll listen to a song called Give it away, the most maybe Conform, the old music It's the Red Hot Chili Peppers With the Bell on It's a show man, alright If you like Anthony The Red Hot Chili Peppers Call us at 211 To find us a fan club My name is Slime, I'm in a windup A young man, he's a laughing up right now I come everybody, wanna keep it like a Kaiser Give it away, give it away, give it away now Give it away, give it away, give it away now Give it away, give it away, give it away now What a clip, turn the fuck off, kiss me, don't I fuck? We need little people in the sea of distress Keep your mouth to receive your less On and plus, private to your excess Love is free, love me, say hell yes No bound but I rock a little, no how No time for the piggies or the uskies Get smart, get down with the power Never been a better time, ever right now Bob Marley, bower and a profit Bob Marley, cop and hot dog outfit Bob Marley, walking like a dog Give goodness me, can't you see I'm got my cloth fit Give it away, give it away, give it away now Give it away, give it away, give it away now Give it away, give it away, give it away now Give it away, give it away, give it away now Give it away, give it away, give it away now Give it away, give it away, give it away now What a clip, turn the fuck off, kiss me, don't I fuck? Look at me, swimming in my ability Dancing down on life with agility Coming drinking up from my fertility Brest with the bucket, never looking for ability No more, my lover, cause you love me Long gone, at a time when she's coming Feeling good, not perfect, gonna hug me Drink of my juice, gonna love, chug and love me Oh, there's a river bone to be against us Keep your warm on, let you shiver His path is never gonna wither Come on everybody, time to deliver Give it away, give it away, give it away now Give it away, give it away, give it away now Give it away, give it away, give it away now What a clip, turn the fuck off, kiss me, don't I fuck? What a clip, turn the fuck off, kiss me, don't I fuck? Stop, continue, I realize I don't wanna be a mind-se Til time, when it's sligh, I be the wind-se Fuck, hit the lever, never enough, ride some Superb everybody, wanna keep it like the Guides Give it away, give it away, give it away now Give it away, give it away, give it away now Give it away, give it away, give it away now Give it away, give it away, give it away now Give it away now Give it away, now Give it away now Give it away, now Give it away, now Give it away, now Give it away, now Give it away, now Give it away now Give it away now Give it away, now No, open the mic! Man, open the mic! The Red Hat Chili Peppers Give it away, give it away, give it away now I remind you, in case you didn't hear it All the fans of Anthony Kievis, the Red Hat Chili Peppers So, we called 25011 And we're going to form a fan club of this very sexy singer What are you going to do? You're going to have your fan club, Julien We're going to do it for... No, I don't know No, but call 25011 to tell us what you think of the last Red Hat album If you bought it, it would be interesting to see some more diverse opinions That said, quite partial Which is totally biased Yeah, totally, totally, totally So, you guessed it, we were doing a little metal funk, metal, funk, like that To the black music, so here we're going to do our little rock-black coalition Well, you get it, little hard rock, rap and other black extensivities So, we're going to go over the last album of Public Enemy Apocalypse 91, The Enemy Strikes Black That's the title of the album It's an exceptional album where Chuck D. is the best of his form He's got 30 hits, we thought he was going to stop music To dedicate himself to the education of his children and his family He doesn't have anything, he doesn't have anything Since this last album, on the last album, there are songs on which he reaches the top of the of the hard and of the content range, of the lyrics that are a little more corrosive, even more than usual A more destructive music The Apocalypse, it seems to me, for once the title is not used, we're going to listen to a song that I dedicate myself to Since it's... No, since the song is called How To Kill A Radio Consultants I dedicate myself to all the radio animators who are crazy and who have nothing to do with their job Since this is a real bet, your mouth Of all those who have nothing to do with music and who don't know how to pass things that don't have the same effect as Public Enemy on the waves Even if you're a fan of rock, Public Enemy is a band that you have to love Since it's the only rap band in my opinion that is really something very very very very... One of the only ones who have been given something really very very strong We're going to listen to that, also note that there is also the title with the tracks on this album So if you haven't bought it yet, buy it in a good way, buy this album But it's on the two albums, right? Yes, on the two albums I recommend you the one with the tracks, it's better It's a question of choice, this album is very very very good So it's 91, The Apocalypse, The Enemy Strikes Blacks, The Morsos, How To Kill A Radio Consultant E-Man, Chuck, your record, let's go, let's go Radio control by the soccer move They moved away and got away at the plan and they're get away And I wanna play what he wanna play They got saying what is bumping up cause he's getting something He never do what's good to the neighborhood I swear I never seen a soccer in mind They give the wood the ass connected to the brainstem So I sing a simple song so you can see the soccer in them Erdogan, Erdogan, Erdogan, Erdogan, Erdogan, Erdogan, Erdogan Yo, my man ain't playin' up in Chuck, man Yo, I don't think you heard me, kid My man ain't playin' nothin' Yo, I ain't playin' evil Cause he ain't playin' nothin' Shut up, mother Superbowl to make a call, they hear the yes-shawe A wild up phone, keep on ringing the yes Some singers singin' Well, don't they play the jammy in the daytime People think it's slammin' but the rhyme is hot They got me tunin' The afternoon is effamin' a pee MF only think I see em' out of town and I doubt I think no dissim Up goes the season, pop goes the weasel Damn, gimme rap, no band, I was an expert I know they even got it from the kiddie Stacked in the back, only black, radio station in the city Who grand-buy a sucker in a suit with a slick black hair And he don't even live here Rap's the number one pick, so I draft it I don't give a damn about the other demographics When a quiet storm comes on, I fall asleep What they need is all-better on the on the fuckin' fuckin' chief Too bad the score on the on the back, my word is gone The bullets disappear and I'm not attacking till they're gone The wack the jammy play, they pay em' in a day I don't think I'm gonna mix, so we don't need them anyway I don't know what you're tryin' to do, homie Yo, you're tryin' to play a shout, you know what I'm sayin' We just ain't playin' nothin', I ain't playin' nothin' Leave em' and you know what I'm sayin' You ain't playin', but you ain't playin' Hey, yo, chop, man I'm gonna dump you to do rock, I ain't playin' It's like somethin', man Can I kick it? Who the hell is on the radio? Oh, who's behind? Keep your rhythm, stick to mine Don't play the fuckin' jazz with everybody with some depth jazz For Iced tea or show they rollin' with the syndicator Can they get fuckin' with the underground? Messa ace, get a James Bond squad gettin' hard Mother, mom, make it him a track project If you want pump it, there'll be a pompous sound And roll it with blood Did you think they'd ever in fact do what they never Control your soul and fire, shoot in a tie? And didn't you wonder why? Why you live out here? I'm too high, here's a king, son, I say we do em' to a stunt Yo, I said we do em' to a stunt, too, G Yo, chop, let's do em', do em' G C'mon, G, yo It ain't no fun unless the job's done, you know what I'm sayin' I know, I can't lose on my radio Alright, alright, alright, bass, I look and you go It was the first Flaver 5 pech-dee that followed Terminator X With X-crime to do it No, it was a lesson, and we say the lesson To know how a bass can sound more than a bass Man, alright Great, thank you Thank you, thank you So, we're working on it So you've naturally recognized it Bring the noise, chech-dee with Antrax For those who don't know It's not the end yet I'm almost excited, we haven't talked about it It's beautiful, it's beautiful We have to go, we have to go So, we're going to come back to our sheep We're going to come back to Rock'n'Roll It's a real guitar bass, but it's not simple It's so easy to do I would have noticed that there are two or three songs on this album With real musicians, this is the game But they're not tracks musicians No, not like that No, not like that But we're going to play with real musicians With... et cetera It's pretty surprising It's giving another boost It's better for them So, if it's Dongi, we're going to play a lot of songs Since we've already talked about it I think Dongi knows a lot of these groups Yeah, a group without Francisco I know that Yeah, a region in Berkeley in front of it You don't have to say without Francisco Jean de Berquer Because he's a vex, it's easy Berkeley Oakland You have to say East Bay East Bay East Bay, Berkeley Oakland The iconic rest that I've been to I loved you, I believe here I love you I love you, it's true But it also comes from Berkeley It's the Mons Copains It's all leftist players You knew it, ex-studio Yeah, they're not so committed That's what I'm studying Shit Shit Shit Nerds Not nerds, shit Okay, so Samhain, you've already passed A few clips that are quite long It's a group... I was going to say Core But it's from the softcore From Washington DC From Fugazi And the calm stuff From style... I didn't know the names We're going to skip the names But it's from the flat body Pop body, yeah From the psychedelic body Yeah, that's great They're playing a song called Creen, it's a pretty intro Creen, clean Clean, I'm called a Creen Like the guys who don't take drugs, they're clean Okay, clean We're in a radio in the city Creen Samhain From East Bay Lights, man Sam, I am I'm not trying to wait Somewhere without a light Swear to dark and warn No given chance to renew Let it carry my head I can sleep right through I get it all the way to day Those empty steps will be for me Just not my soul and for my tour But as long as I can remember To this hour today Can I build a water in my face There's a skin on my arm And I couldn't build a plane I just now wish came to us And now they are my notes I gave it all the way to day Those empty steps will be for me Just not my soul and for my tour But as long as I can remember Creen Samhain From East Bay Lights, man Sam, I am I'm not trying to wait I'mmodern I'm modern I'm modern I'm modern I humanos I'm modern I'm modern I'm modern I'm modern I'm modern I'm modern I'm modern I'm modern Samhain Samwho does that? Yes, there His name emotion We are good Any Tribe Never bud Hong Kong We are going to discover a very interesting group that will race his path We have to be nice because we see clouds It's pretty, it's so flat It's really pretty We think it's a bit of a New Age Yes, yes You heard it, it's not really New Age or if it's New Age, we love New Age In the shadows of night You are a vegetarian Exactly Vegan Force Vegan Vegan, Vegan Force Veggie Those who saw the the Consolidated Veggie Manana Always the XR The Swiss are not bad Yes, it's just the international Concert Concert Let's go Let's go to the Lord The closest concert The last one The last one The Elmer Food Beat The French group is well known It's my opinion I support it too If you like the Elmer Food Beat If you disagree with me, tell me on the phone With the first part A group of the Elmer I would name the radiators Thank you We will start We don't have free entries You are paid Yes, we are paid If you want to come If you want to see The Elmer Food Beat We can arrange to put you a guest list This time The concert of the month It's still the UDS The Urban Dance Squad The weekend is coming It's very loaded If you don't have tickets Run to Obsession You can buy a ticket Sold out Closed doors The concert is not lost With their new tour Then We will have the 12 Interesting things for you We are free We have the synonyms The tenorite ropes The bass, the bass, the codeine I don't know I see that there are the songs on the pop The synonyms I don't know what I'm talking about I don't know what I'm singing I don't know what I'm singing The tenorite rope, the bass, the codeine Three groups of body You are the bass yourself Oh shit Body, not too much You heard it or not? Not anymore I'm confident My informants told me that it was body without the echo It's your word Then Wednesday 13 The 13 songs Wednesday 13 We have the cramps The teenage fan club For those who are always fans of this group Wednesday 13 I don't know how it is today Friday 11 I'm going to put you some shit You look at the calendar You look at the calendar And the poster What date exactly? Next week You can get the information The cramps are still quite famous For those who haven't seen the cramps The problem is that As I said before There are no more Kits on the ground November, Philippe, October You are in November Oh shit We will talk about it again What other interesting things? Fishbond No, no, no, no Fishbond this Sunday Yes, Sunday 13 That's it There was a 13 Alusine, Alusine, Agene Fishbond, Fishbond, Fishbond As I said before To release a new album It's a weekend of fun Yes, it's a very fun thing And Saturday, I tell you There is a party with the processes of Rona Oh yeah? I'll explain where it is You take the road from Letron To go up to Rona The station which is a bit on the top And before arriving in a small village Which is called R... What is it called? Something like that We are all in the season of the Désal Just before the pano There is something going left You have to go all the way And there is a barrac And there are some vows Just in this house The processions are vows That go from the salsa To the death metal Shitcore I think that's the only way to call it Those guys are always broken Like the elites But they manage to line a bit of the fun life After a bit of reggae After a bit of death metal They are very funny, very funny It's the only group of death metal With a trumpet in it They have a good pin-up For those who like the... They are very very nice So if you really don't know what to do Come up on Saturday and tell me No, you shouldn't say that Because I don't go there personally So tell me that you are a faraway Who heard about them They are very very hospitable And they will tell you Anyway, it's enough, it's enough Anyway And you still have some annonced concerts But there is... But nooo But on Saturday after the factory But that's in a week But there is the new hardcore angle wave That's right I remember I did a series of shows I was playing the bullshit of the people Sink, Snuff And I don't know what But it's Sink who goes And Snuff Oh Snuff too, my ass, is that true? Snuff, Snuff and Snuff Yeah, that's very good Sink will talk about it Ok, so this is your day 10 years of things 10 years of things, going a little bit to the music Auditors, show yourself tonight I want to hear you Shout man, I want to hear you talk I'm joking, for example Yeah, what a shit We were waiting for you Ok, call at 250 on this song That I can hear your calls Passionate and rage So what do we listen to? It's a group of Seattle, called FLOP But it's a bit different It's the young people who go up I listen for the sound It's hate coming down And I'm all the losing and I'm the best That is probably my head I think about it all the time I don't give a shit Just as long as I'm comfortable And God is the best who I could find What am I? I'm just an animal So it will take his fall Yeah, I'm all the losing and I'm the best That is probably my heart And I love it all the time I kick in your face And then I'll take you once giving me I'm coming midget and loose And baby, I got time All the time Adjust the follow sound I'm coming down And I'm all the losing and I'm the best That is probably my head I think about it all the time Time Time Time Time Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill K해서 Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Kill Close your eyes Take a moment Close your mind Don't grab too hard Not so long ago All those holes on my own Now the tears pass so slow I'm still All alone Loves so many people Trying to touch my heart Never getting fuller Nowhere We first meet Close your eyes Take a moment Close your mind Don't grab too hard Close your eyes Close your eyes Close your mind Don't grab too hard Close your heart Take a moment Close your mind Don't grab too hard Close your mind Don't grab too hard Close your mind Close your mind Close your heart Obviously he goes out, I'm locked up, it's a mess! A mess! So I've never seen him. So we're going to listen to Melvinz. Melvinz, what's your opinion? Well, I have no idea. Maybe there's a 25 songs album, but that's not important. He doesn't even sing. Ok, let's go! Metal! Metal! Metal! The songs are on the chain, we don't know where we are anymore. God, it's heavy, it's almost bad. But that's their first album. Now they have their fourth album, but it works. I don't know why, it works. Some guys like to test their music. We don't ask ourselves a question anymore. Now we're going to listen to Nirvana, because everyone likes it. I think they're going to like it. And then... Ah, Philly Paris! So, come on, Immobile! No, that's not it, I was watching TV at the end of the Sorcer Deep Switch. So for all those who listen to the radio, you're stupid, you should have watched the movie with Nicholson. It's over now. Yeah, it just ended, unfortunately. I don't know, I saw the last image where she jumps on a image of Nicholson on TV. And the three of them are really ugly. Yeah, that's not true. It's okay, it's a Buddha. She's big? Yeah, she's big, but it's a big Buddha. You're happy with something like that? Okay, let's move on to the slightly wazoo considerations, which is far from our subject. So let's listen to Nirvana, it's a pure, not an artificial Nirvana. But there are two groups, Nirvana. Have you heard of them? Yes, but I would like to know, because I've heard of them. In English, it's quite a New Age, I think. Yeah, New Age, New Age. New Age, yeah. I don't know, because I've heard of some kind of dark guys who asked for... They must have a metal band called Nirvana. In the disc stores, they asked for Nirvana. No, they're the ones who listen to the metal. If they only listened to metal, it would be too beautiful. And the guy who only knew Nirvana's real group would have listened to them. And then he must have seen the little dark guys. It was Udab, one day, the dark invasion started. You weren't going to see racism, you know? By dark invasion, I hear... So it still exists, and I swear, I saw people in the video. Black and makeup. Oh yeah, but I think it still exists. I'm pretty sure it's racist, I'm not gonna admit it. Oh yeah, no, no, no, there's still plenty of it. Okay, let's listen to some music with Paniard, so real Nirvana. So, the song I chose is my favorite, it's called Lounge Act, the 9th Ducé des... Okay, Nirvana, Nirvana, Lounge Act. So, the song is called Lounge Act, the 9th Ducé des... So, the song is called Lounge Act, the 9th Ducé des... I'll arrest myself, but where does she... I'll allow my way through my soul, so I'm here. Don't tell me what I want here, afraid I'll never know fear. Experience anything you need, I'll keep rockin' jealousy. Tell me what's fuckin' gonna happen, this brandy scene makes me fear. I want it more than I could do, I'll arrest myself, but where does she... I'll allow my way through my soul, so I'm here. True, governance, courtesy, I can let it smile for me. Like you're but a common word, turning off taking turns. Don't recognize the hell I cast in fantasy, makes me fear. I want it more than I could do, I'll arrest myself, but where does she... I'll allow my way through my soul, so I'm here. And everyone, I'll never know, I'll show myself what we can do. I'll allow my way through my soul, so I'm here. So I'm here, so I'm here. They're turning, they're not following, they're dumb apparently. Fuck my godotoo man, man, man, man. Holy shit, man, it's too bad, man. It's pretty flip-flop, I guess. It's a nirvana, man. So what do we listen to? Music in a con. But I don't know, what have we already put in? Yeah, it's the Victims Family, a group called Encore de San Francisco that's been around for years. It's the guys that turn around for about three quarters of a year. Because it's normal, and if it's your job, you work. So they don't really care, they love it. They mix hardcore, jazz, funk, rock, everything. Super, I'd say they put in a series of music. A bit of world music, but it's a bit more than 10 years. Let's say... Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh, that's better. Oh fuck, it's strong. Yeah, it's still strong. No, it's strong, it's better. You talk about Larsen. You talk about... Hey, I don't hear you anymore, I don't hear you anymore. Okay. No, stop it. You and Larsen talk about it. Okay, Victims Family, we're done. We're done with the song, the best album. Victims Family, the best song of their album. You're not even listening. Hey, you're not even saying what we're about to do. We're gonna break the tempo with Larsen. Okay, listen, do it again, I'm super loud. Listen to what you're doing. Got a super loud, got a groove that makes a blue-gray lane. Excuse your nose, cause you got so close and low. And too much, LARS, ROOF! Little sad I'm down, Jesus, that's something I'm about. You used to get your way because you say you did it. Kill it out, no way man. Got a super loud, got a groove that makes a blue-gray lane. Excuse your nose, cause you got so close and low. Got a super loud, LARS, ROOF! Got a super loud, got a groove that makes a blue-gray lane. Wow, the things you put me through. A friendship built on kills. Tenor take you out of pity. We just didn't check you up. We'll notice that they're wrong. Let's go have fun. I slow to break the ice. Maybe I'm just too fucking nice. Wow, the things you put me through. To break me down to your level. It's just a myth, it's horrible. It hurts inside the bell. Bounce and you change. You don't think it's needed. It's one more life on the road. See, I hate to see you go. I hate to see you go. I hate to see you go. If you blow the cobwebs off your shell And make some room for something else You'll find just how well it fits. Right up there. Next to you, see me. And what it's like, I just spread. This brand new one, it's once for change. Even worse, night and all. See no windows, break the walls. No more you fight, no more you hold. New ideas will attend to yours. No time for losing in the air. Shows my whole year, couldn't play. No more you fight, no more you hold. No more you fight, no more you hold. No more you fight, no more you hold. No more you fight, no more you hold. Good day, good day. He tried to kill me, he tried to blow my ears off. You cut yourself, I don't trust you. I'm just lying, it's not bad. Ah, what a bastard. It's another song, victims of the crime. Not very important. We're going to go to another thing now. It's the music of the debil, Chicago. It's TAR, which means goons. And it's the guys who did it. The mega-tournament. They're showing us their games, it's cool. It doesn't go to the hip-hop. What a bastard. I don't even have a girlfriend, you can't hear it. And TAR, they did the mega-tournament with 15 other American groups called the Big Ass Tour or whatever. They did the mega-promotion, they did maybe 10 dates in Europe. And I'll tell you, there was TAR, the Godburi's helmet. The throw-ups. No, there wasn't all of that. There was the cow's surgery. There were four or five groups, they did 10 European cities, the Monts-Machinche, they asked for 10,000 bucks per night. They do a date in Switzerland, the road is fast, etc. It was pretty pretentious, but I don't know if it worked. I hope not, because it's not very alternative. Because we, in the Ovalet, we're not very alternative. It's not very alternative, if Nirvana doesn't play in Switzerland, they asked for 5,000 bucks per concert. That's okay. While the usual groups ask for 2,500. Okay, but Jay with his dinosaur, I talked about it, but I think he asked for around 5,000. I don't know, at first, Nirvana was planned to be adopted. And it's really... It's a guy who goes on big labels, and it's the end. No, it's not the end, but he goes out on a regular circuit. Okay, very good. So this is your opinion? I said everything. Oh yes, Tark, he's a cold interpreter. Cold Tark. I was a man of the world And I dreamed That I'd let you in And now I should That I'd ever have I was a man of the world And I dreamed That I'd let you in And now I should That I'd ever have The cruel, bad cheers That's the point That's the moment The ones that leave my side That's the meaning Who doesn't need me, that we're in love I was a man of the world And I dreamed That I'd let you in And now I should That I'd ever have I was a man of the world And I dreamed That I'd let you in And now I should That I'd have Wasting time for once again Wasting time for once again Wasting time for once again Wasting time for once again Wasting time for once again I was a man of the world And I dreamed That I'd let you in And now I should That I'd ever have I was a man of the world And I dreamed That I'd let you in And now I should That I'd help It's been a year So it was the TAR We're almost done A bit more than usual for Pop For the reason or whatever Listen to a little something A little gear jammer You know how it is Gear jammer Jam the gears is not as fast as a pig Yeah, yeah Poor brick It's the same label as TAR We do your reptile mine A little bit like the Sub Pop Except that in Europe it works less well Yeah, yeah, they're more reptile than your mine Yeah, less But they're so careful These guys put on their label I mean, they put on your reptile mine And behind They put on big noise I think it's really pretentious Because it's not really the noise It's rock n roll Okay, so we're going to listen to this Gear jammer, two tons of chrome Chrome, two tons of chrome Yeah, man, okay Two tons of chrome Two tons of chrome Two tons of chrome Two tons of chrome Two tons of chrome Two tons of chrome Two tons of chrome If you're not a punk boy You're a bunch of druggy dope fuckers This ain't no rock band I said this is rock n roll Two tons of chrome Two tons of chrome Two tons of chrome Two tons of chrome Two tons of chrome Two tons of chrome Two tons of chrome Two tons of chrome Yo, alright, alright Forks that was indeed Let's go, let's do it, let's say it The gear jammer It's a Sponsor Radio Sudu Ok, it was Super Sonic Williams Don't insult Philip Super Sonic Williams in mother f***ing action Ok, so, let's wrap up So, if you say so, we're going to listen to one last Nirvana before we conclude But we still have something in common, I mean Yeah, what is it? It's a Nirvana Yeah, it's just a super and the only thing we have in common He's listening to Public Enemy Public Enemy And Nirvana And Nirvana And Nirvana And Nirvana Ok, I'll let you call our dear audience If you play in a rock and roll band Or any kind of rap or death metal band And if you want to go to the show On the show, in an interview You're all so mean and worthy of Patrick Drucker's guide For example I don't know if you've seen it before There was a part of the car drivers on the TV Yeah, I've seen it No, but you've seen the fans who sent the guys They're a bit like here Oh yeah, great I've seen the part of the car drivers No, not the journalists, like you, you're a radio-side journalist Yeah, I'm a journalist I'm a journalist, I'm not sure about that I'm a journalist So, if you play in a band of some kind of music Except the natural variety And if you want to interview you at Shadow of Night Directly on Monday night, between 9.30 and 11.00 To pass your records you like as music And above all, the music you play You call on Monday night, between 9.30 and 11.00 On Monday night, between 9.30 and 11.00 Or at Philippe's place, on the 36th On the 36th, on the 31st You have it What's your number? It's not real My personal number, that I don't give to anyone And you have a lot of the balls to do the missions You invite... Nerds Shit But no, we don't invite nerds We just want to take a little bit of the rock The Zanouette, to make it a little known to its compatriots But honestly, I'm going to make a compliment I'm frank Yeah, yeah It's that since it had the radiators There's a lot of good stuff in the Zanouette Shut up I'm not kidding Maybe you make the shit music But there's a lot of shit that's following you now Yeah, especially the piss-full Calif In the first place Ok I'm going to tell you something, we're going to have new ones in the post You piss-full Calif flowers It's still not played, we're just... We like them, the piss-full Calif flowers We love them, there's no doubt about it Ok, this one, we say False, we're going to leave Goodbye Ok, Nirvana, who plays us Bleed Not Bleach Bleach is the name of the album, Davin So Bleed, Nirvana, Ladies and gentlemen Good night, see you next week For new videos of the Shadows of Night Good evening folks, dream well Nope Yeah Oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my My, don't have a mind Get away, get away, get away, get away Why, where am I going? I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, I'm afraid, afraid Girl, if you have anything to need I don't need a stand We don't have to breathe We can fly to hell We can feel a dream I don't even care We don't have a place to stand To stand To stand To stand To stand To stand To stand To stand To stand To stand To stand To stand