 ... Du lundi au dimanche. ... Retrouvez Bubul sur les 102,8 d'incidules. ... Ain't it cooking? ... Yeah, yeah. ... Woo! ... Games, games, games, games, games. ... Somebody said somebody wouldn't laugh along. Yeah. ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Games, games, games, games, games. ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Games, games, games, games, games. ... ... Games, games, games, games, games. ... ... No more games, boy. So what you saying? Peep the deepness, cause Donnie ain't playing. Witness the quickness, as I kick this. I'm on a mission, so listen as I dismiss. All this negativity by taking a stand. Cause we're five bad brothers from the Beantown line. No sell out, so get the hell out. We do it all way. Who gives a damn about what critics say? This every wouldn't laugh, said our time will pass. We're just a flash, but we're still kicking. The D-O-N-N-I-E, the W-A-H-L, up to the beat, and ain't it cooking? It's broken, and now the game's my sace. Into the non-believers, I say peace. Stop playing those games. Game, game, game. Boy, boy, boy, boy. Ha ha ha. Ah yeah, yeah. Uh huh, uh huh. Yeah, yeah. Oh, oh, oh. We don't need your game. Learn. We don't need your game. Tell em. We don't need your game. We don't need your game. Oh, oh, oh. Stop playing those games. Game now. Get the game now. It's all the case. Game now. Ooh-oh-oh, ooh-oh-oh. Ooh, game's game's game's game's game's game's game's game. On va danser. In this record, right here, was made to show and prove that positivity. It's not about being soft, it's about being smart. Any chance to ride the phase, it was about to go. Get on the door. On the charm. A men's size after 17 years, that's why it goes there for, is to unlock the door. For those around in creative size and sleep. And through a fractal or a breaking wall, I see you, my friend, and touch your face again. Miracles will happen as we choose. But we're never gonna survive unless we get a little crazy. No we're never gonna survive unless we have a little crazy. Crazy as a lever walking through my head. One of them's got a gun to shoot the other one. And yet together they were friends at school. For when and when we first took the pill. Bebe, bebe, bebe, bebe, bebe. Miracles will happen as we speak. But we're never gonna survive unless we get a little crazy. No we're never gonna survive unless we have a little crazy. No we're never gonna survive unless we get a little crazy. No. Oh darling. In a scoffle of people, only someone to fly isn't that crazy? In a sable of people, only someone to fly isn't that crazy? In a heaven of people, there's no someone to fly you're not crazy? Oh baby. In a world full of people, there's no someone to fly you're not crazy? In a prison. Oh, but we're never gonna survive Bonless, we get a little crazy But we're never gonna survive Bonless, we are a little But we're never gonna survive Bonless, we get a little crazy But we're never gonna survive Bonless, we are a little I wanna start a brand new style Change it all, just move your feet What you got, it's a limousine Back with rye and cocaine I see it, I see it It's all a baby Oh, I see it I see it I see it It's all a baby I see it Will you assign to realize That you live, gain and die To find your friends Is what you need Knock on the door To let you in I see it, I see it It's all a baby I see it, I see it I see it, I see it It's all a baby I see it In my house, in your birthday In my house, I want you In my house, when you're birthday You feel good In my house, when you're birthday In my house, I want you In my house, when you're birthday You'll be good Another heart It's what you need What's all you got To live, I see it Will you assign To find your friends Knock on the door To let you in I see it, I see it It's all a baby I see it, I see it I see it, it's all a baby I see it In my house, in your birthday In my house, I want you In my house, when you're birthday You'll feel good In my house, when you're birthday In my house, I want you In my house, when you're birthday You'll be good Another heart It's what you need What's all you got To live, I see it Will you assign To find your friends Knock on the door To let you in I see it, I see it I see it, it's all a baby I see it, I see it I see it, it's all a baby I see it A tous mes loups et mes ratés, mes vrais soleils Tous les chemins qui me sont passés à côté A tous mes bateaux manqués, mes mauvais sommeils A tous ceux que je n'ai pas été Au malentendu, au mensonge, à nos silences A tous ces moments que j'avais cru partager Au phrase de conditouvité sans colléponses A celle que je n'ai pas osé Oh, oh, oh A nos actes manqués Oh, oh, oh Aux années perdues, attendées, de ressemblées À tous les murs que je n'aurais pas subrisées À tous ce que j'ai pas vu tout près, juste à côté Tous ce que j'aurais mieux fait d'ignorer Au monde assez douleur, qui ne me touche plus Dans tous les solos que je n'ai pas inventé Tous ces moments que l'on trop fait rimer, qui me tuent Comme autant d'enfants jamais portés Oh, oh, oh A nos actes manqués Oh, oh, oh A nos amourets churés de saintes trop émées Visagés dans tel croisé, puces de frôlées Autre rayon que j'ai pas vraiment regretté Au vivant qui l'aurait fallu tuer À tous ceux qui nous arrivent en faumée trop tard A tous les masques qu'il aura fallu porter À nos faiblesses, à nos oublines, nos désespoirs Au peur impossible à changer Oh, oh, oh A nos actes manqués Oh, oh, oh A nos actes manqués Oh, oh, oh A nos actes manqués Oh, oh, oh A nos actes manqués Oh, oh, oh A nos actes manqués Oh, oh, oh A nos actes manqués Oh, oh, oh J'ai faim Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh Dans les rues elles désertent Qui conduisent au cœur De Londres Noi soir la vie s'arrête Dès l'instant où la nuit Tombe Lorsque la ville disparaît Sous le bouillard On a sens à savoir pourquoi Une sentiment bizarre Que tout peut arriver Un soir où le hasard M'avait conduit Malgré moi Dans ces rues silencieuses Où la brûle dique sa loi Elle m'a paru au détour D'un chemin mal éclairé Et d'un geste de la main Le phishing d'approcher Nos vies se sont croisées Dans les bouillards de Londres Oh, oh, oh Dans les bouillards de Londres Oh, oh, oh Sans briser le silence Son corps a épousé le mien Sans briser le silence Jusqu'au premier lumière Du matin Qu'elle m'a demandé Pour un instant De fermer les yeux Alors elle m'a repoussé Doucement Au mur, mur en adieu Elle s'en est retournée Hey, hey Dans les bouillards de Londres Dans les bouillards de Londres Oh, oh, oh Hey, hey Et depuis chaque soir Je parcours les rues elles de Londres Encaressant l'espoir De l'entrevoir dans la pénombre Si d'aventure le hasard Où mène un soir dans ces rues sombres Peut-être me verrez vous passer Hey, hey, hey À la recherche de son nombre Dans les bouillards de Londres Oh, oh, oh Dans les bouillards de Londres Hey, hey, hey Oh, oh, oh Dans les bouillards de Londres Oh, oh, oh Dans les bouillards de Londres Oh, oh, oh We can fly Dance to the sound, we can fly Whoa That is nice From people love is in style Oh, oh Their sensation creeping round my heart As the rhythm of the music starts Like my hand in Philly It's very dense and earth's dusty Whoa, oh, oh Tell me, tell me, tell me, for me, darling Beautiful the way that I feel Tell me, tell me now, keep on me darling That's the way to love in Brazil Under the stars in the sky Dancing at night, away, away Part of a fan Sweet celebration in town Oh, oh, oh Secret desires You can reveal a sundown Oh, oh As the zombie tickles through the night Imaginations and your dreams in flight Now we're free to sail across the sea To paradise Whoa, oh, oh Tell me, tell me, tell me, for me, darling Beautiful the way that I feel Tell me, tell me now, keep on me darling That's the way to love in Brazil Under the stars in the sky Dancing at night, away, away Part of a fan Sweet celebration in town Oh, oh, oh Tell me, tell me now, keep on me darling That's the way to love in Brazil Under the stars in the sky Dancing at night, away, away Part of a fan Sweet celebration in town Oh, oh As the zombie tickles through the night Imaginations and your dreams in flight Now we're free to sail across the sea To paradise Whoa, oh Tell me, tell me, tell me, for me, darling Beautiful the way that I feel Tell me, tell me now, keep on me darling Under the stars in the sky Dancing at night Tell me, tell me, tell me, for me darling Beautiful the way that I feel Tell me, tell me now, keep on me darling That's the way to love in Brazil Under the stars in the sky Dancing at night, away, away Part of a fan And the Tech Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Oute Gorgeous Gorgeous I wanna be the prettiest I wanna be extremely gorgeous Rich and young and sensuous Gorgeous Gorgeous чувst Gorgeous Gorgeous Gorgeous Gorgeous Gorgeous Gorgeous Gorgeous Gorgeous Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée Prémée