 Bird callHS Business Hey, what's up, I'm Ozzy, this one's called Riker Wave, babe What's up, I'm Ozzy You need rhythm, I'm a girl, study down animals You just gotta hold on far too deep We can't just run, to run, we'll pitch up on the roof I'm on the street, down in the lake and I'm hungry for it First dance to your soul, the class is just going to radio Run, run, run, we'll pitch It's not hard, not hard to pitch We can't just run, to run, we'll pitch It's you and I, rhythm, I'm a bubble girl, study down animals It's not hard, not hard to pitch We can't just run, to run, we'll pitch I'm on the roof, out on the street, down in the lake and I'm hungry for it First dance to your soul, the class is just going to radio Run, run, run, we'll pitch Run, run, run, we'll pitch Alright folks, you got it, we can't hide anything from you You're on Radio Asidu, The Shadows of Night And it's not the last days of Ramones Because it's the live show that's going to be out in 78 Unfortunately the last Ramones, the local live, the Ramones of the year We haven't yet, for your own good, there's a break in the stock everywhere It's not that serious, we've got an old title And we've got guests, the guests tonight are An exceptional thing, and not a costume A group, not a Lozan, but a group of Nihons I'm wrong, apparently not Instead of saying B, A, E, E, N, N, N, like that I give you the permission, dear Blue Rider Because it's them, the Blue Rider group of Nihons Who are with us tonight, on Radio Asidu, The Shadows of Night I give you the permission to talk in the microphone So come and say something in the microphone Thank you, good afternoon So Blue Rider, I'm going to introduce him in two words It's a group of Rocks, a group of Nihons A group of Rocks that comes from Nihons and who does things Still not common, because it's the first time we have a group of Shadows of Night Don't laugh, it's a group of Blues Rocks I'm wrong It's just that, that's right So first thing, me who is an occult, definitely the concept Because I'm sure it's a concept, Blues Rocks So Blues Rocks is a mix of Blues and Rocks You're kidding, you're kidding me But with the past Blues, we try to get a new, more modern form To have the same concept as before That is to say, to have a privileged contact with the audience Because that's what's important in Blues And it really allows for a contact It's sure that what I know about Blues is that it's music That essentially speaks of some privileged relationship between them I'm wrong That's right You have to see things in front of you, the words of Blues No, no, 9% stop, if I say stupid things It's about baby I'm gonna screw you up right now You know what I'm saying Ok, so before listening to your records, before listening to what you're doing Before listening to the news that Tongi will bring us a little later We're going to listen to a group that is also looking to renew this privileged contact With influences from the great tradition of American black music We're going to listen to a little bit of the last song of the public A very very good album It's called How to Kill a Radio Consultants It's one of my favorite songs So let's go Thank God I saw a singer sing a simple song so you can see the soccer in them Yo, my man ain't playin' nothin' Chuck Man Yo, I don't think you heard me, kid My man ain't playin' nothin' Yo, I ain't playin' either Cause he ain't playin' nothin' Shut up, mother Superbowl to make a call They hear me, yes y'all I'll wild off on the phone, keep my ringing in your ears Some singers singin' Well, don't they play the jammy in the daytime People think it's slammin' for the rhyme, it's hot They got me tunin' The afternoon is effamin' a pee Am I fully legacy? I'm out of turnin' that down I beg no dissim Uncle's a season Pop, fours a weasel Damn, gimme rap, no band I was an expert I know they even got it from the kitty Stacked in the back, only black radio station in the city People grand-buy a sucker in a suit Slick black hair And he don't even live Yeah, rap's the number one pick So I draft it I don't give a damn about the other demographic When a quiet storm comes on, I fall asleep What they need is all-better on I own a fuckin' fuckin' Jeep Too bad there's no one on the back My word is gone The blood is appearing And the tachy-tool is gone The wack and jammy play They pay a minute there I don't think I'm gonna mix Or we don't need them anyway Gertrude, Gertrude, Gertrude Yeah, Gertrude, Gertrude, Gertrude Yeah, Gertrude, Gertrude, Gertrude I don't know what you're tryin' to do, homie But yo, you're tryin' to play a shout, you know what I'm sayin' But you ain't playin' a th- I ain't playin' a knee, man You know what I'm sayin', playin' But you ain't playin' Hey, yo, chop, man Chop, chop, chop, chop, chop, chop, chop, chop I ain't playin' a th- I ain't playin' a th- I'm a stumpy the th- I ain't playin' a th- Play somethin', man Can I kick it? Who the hell is on the radio? Oh, who's behind? Keep your realest thick to mind Don't play the fuckin' jazz with everybody with Some death, death, for Ice-T or Shoddy-Roll And with the Cinder, kid, I'm cannin' Gettin' fuckin' with the underground Mather Ace, get a taste, bomb squad Gettin' hard, marlin', ma'll, makin' him up Track, project, the people pumpin' There'll be a pompous sign and rollin' with blood Did you think they'd ever in fact You thought they'd ever control your soul By a shoot and a tie? And didn't you wonder why? Why you live by here around till I hear some kings Son, I say we do, I'm do, it's done Yo, I said we do, I'm do, it's done, too, team Yo, chop, let's do it Yo, my brother, open that mic, man Okay, so we can name, Chuck, you're the first friend who's a capretta And he's the first one who's been on all our radio I had to kill a radio Constance Which means how to kill an radio animator I told you, that's my favorite song So, the Blue Riders, we're going to come now To the music you're making, the music you're listening to What makes your hair hair on your head What makes you give you morning actions What puts you in all your states So what do you listen to as a kind of music? Well, essentially music of the 60s and 70s 67th, 70s That means we're quite back in what we listen to And we try to evolve in the style Do you know the Garage Tix Tix? I don't know You don't know Garage Tix Tix? No You didn't know Garage of the 60s? You didn't know the PUM of the 60s? No The T-Litch PUM of the 60s? No No That's a major influence for us For you? Yeah Personally, as a bass player, I have quite a few influences In these years, because I mean the sound, the employer, I like it a lot more I mean, I feel less cold than it is now Yeah, it's sure it's my techno at the time, there's no doubt about it So, we're going to listen to your choices right now What's the reason? Well, Jimmy Hendrix Jimmy, it's a very good idea to play Jimmy, it's great Because when we're connected at this time, we don't have a hard time Yeah, it's sure, it's sure So, what did you listen to? 51's Anniversary Yeah, with the accent Yeah, with the accent Yeah, sure, he doesn't come from Marseille, he comes from Nihon, Blue Rider A 50's they've been married They can't wait for the 51st to roll around Yeah, roll around A 30's they've been married And now they're old and happy and they settle down Settle down Yeah, 20's they've been married And they did everything that could be done You know they have that fun And then you come along and talk about it So you, you say you want to be married I'm gonna change your mind Oh, got you, baby That was a good sign, baby You come the bad side You're ten years safe and married A thousand tears, what around already? Because your mom is a louse That is down at the new Wispy House They don't, I'm three years safe and married They don't get along so good They're tired of each other You know how they go, they seek out another lover Come, stay on land You're 17 Won't run around hanging out in a half of your bun Life for you has just begun, baby And then you come saying So you, you say you want to be married Oh, baby Trying to put me on a chain Meet that some shame You must be losing your weak little mind I ain't ready, yeah, baby I ain't ready I'm gonna change your mind Woo, look out Oh I ain't ready to get tied down I ain't ready, I ain't ready now Let me live a little while longer Let me live, let me live a little while longer So if you're pretty strong, then never give back your mind So, we're gonna listen to one of you, the Nihon Blue Riders In the Vogue account So, the song is called... It's Bredz It's the closest to the mic, if that's possible It's called Bredz It's about the tarts you make in the morning It's neither tarts nor women Oh, you're kidding, you're kidding It's even more surprising Maybe it's the money you're gonna make with the group, right? Your projects, David? Okay, let's continue It's a song about the delirium and delirium that we can cross when we're faced with a society that's fun to give orders as ridiculous as we can be Oh, you're talking about it, I'm gonna love you So, it's the singer of the Blue Riders who's talking I've had a hard time with this point of view Yes, it was the army I've heard all the orders against the victor It's well-armed and it's also higher every day So, the song about the army, I'm gonna have to wait a little while Of course, but not only against the army It's about the Blue Riders So, the one who has a green crest on his right and the one who has a left He's writing in the future He's doing blues rock, like nothing has ever been lost So, Bredz is the Blue Riders from Nihon Attention, let's go And don't say a word Everybody's got that second wheel of love Oh, yeah, oh, yeah And you know as I know That a second wheel of love is much stronger Music You gotta walk You gotta run You gotta crawl And you gotta know I'm everybody So get that second week blues I'm You know as I know Every second week's blues Long as about 15 weeks or so You know as I know Every second week's blues Long as about 15 weeks or so Burning flesh and popping bones Of a whole spider See you here and flying Dry I You gotta fend the road You gotta fend the road Let it believe me Oh, let it believe me You gotta fend that day Oh If all the sun rises in the morning If all the sun rises in the morning Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Some rag and it's chicken Don't mean a thing to me Some rag and it's chicken Don't mean a thing to me Some rag and it's chicken Don't mean a thing to me I'm a hip shakin' daddy I can shake like the world's Music Call me the rocker I can really rock the wine Music They call me the rocker I can really rock the wine Music With a real goal d bar Don't let me take your style Music I can rock the easy Music Don't wanna take your style Music I can rock the easy Music Don't wanna take your style Music I can let you down easy Music Like a jelly on a plane Music Music Yeah, they call me the rocker I can rock you all night Music Music Yeah, they call me the rocker I can rock you all night Music I can let you down easy Music Music Oh, we're both with a clapping It's called... Walking Daddy Walking Daddy So, I don't know I don't have the time to improvise So, Blue Riders, you've done a lot of concerts Tell me, because I have to tell you That it's the first time I've heard you talk Well, not today, but it was the first time I've heard you talk when you've been in touch with me So, there's a lot of groups everywhere, that's for sure But you're a little known in your native native language region A little A little It's a little bit like Nyon Or like that in a region You know a group called... Incredible name Exulceration I've heard of it Not Nyon I think there's a group of death metal called Exulceration Furia A group of furia I don't know hardlarts Death metal It's really good Well, it's just in the past Exulceration At the time, I was 10 years old I was in the middle of a crisis So, I asked if you knew him To know what he looked like It's really furia heads So, you've done a lot of concerts Or what? Tell us about your journey Your journey of the fight We started We did a small festival We started with that at the beginning of the year Because we've known each other since December We met And then we played At the Finambule Nyon And then followed by Balélec You played Balélec? Yes, we played Balélec At the top And we did after that I didn't play anymore You had future projects Direct or indirect We played on December 7th At Kulis And on the 14th in Moudon In your old prison? No, in Zambistro And On the 22nd, we played at the factory On the 5th of February at the CPM Wait, wait, wait On the 22nd at the factory? Yes, at Cabaret With who? With you And then, frankly, we're in the transition We're still playing on all the points And then, well We're in the transition Apart from Kulis concert Do you have a concert in Lausanne? No, we have contact with a lot of people But We're still against it Ok, very good We're going to listen to a little piece That you chose It's from Georgia It's from Georgia It's from Georgia It's from Georgia From Atlanta, exactly I hope so, I don't know It's from South-East You have to say sorry Thank you very much And that's the catch Keep your hands to yourself satellite Georgia, Atlanta, USA Go I got a little change in my pocket Going jingling I'm gonna just call you on the telephone Baby I give you a ring But each time we talk I get the same old thing Always no hug You know this ain't Bill I get a wedding ring My honey, my baby Don't plug my love up on no shell She said don't give me no lines And keep your hands to yourself baby baby baby baby baby baby why you mom's changing his way you know I'm still your lover boy I still feel the same way Last rich told me the story Buy free milk and a cup I said no hug I got a wedding ring My honey, my baby Don't put my love up on no shell She said don't give me no lines And keep your hands to yourself baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby All the time You see I wanted her real bad I was about to give in Last rich started talking about true love Started talking about sin I said honey I live with You follow the rust of my life She said no hug You know you make me a wife My honey, my baby Don't put my love on no shell She said don't give me no lines And keep your hands to yourself baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby sister baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby it's really a very subtle and very funny guy, as I said, and tell me what other anecdotes you have on G-file, I'm really interested in it. I don't know about the other anecdotes, but it's a particularity to play with the guitar on the flat, on the knees, on the Hawaiian guitar. With the 5 fingers on the left hand, which is an advantage to have the thumb in addition, which allows him to have 5 different vibrato types, that is to say to pull on the strings in a different way each time, which gives him a rather particular sound. And then there, the song we're going to listen to, he plays it in the wa-wa a little bit in Hendrix way, and the sound is absolutely terrifying. It's really cheesy, for those who know the wa-wa and its cheesy effects. When a guitarist uses a wa-wa, we call it cheesy music, here, so we radio it. Okay, and it's not bad, as you're a show, the cheesy music you don't like. Cheesy, yeah, cheese, because... Yes, yes, yes, yes, cheese, man. Let's continue. Yes, and so the song is called See the Light, which is quite interesting on the guitarist's part. I see the light, I see the light. So it's Jeff and Lake who play See the Light with his 5 fingers, plus his 5 fingers. See the light. See the light. See the light. See the light. See the light. I want to shine on my face. See the light. See the light. I want to shine on my face. I know I want you my boy. Come on, let's get this place out. See the light. Seema. Buy, przypadku, buy. See the light. See the light.�� 흐appy. Can you see the light? Can you see the light that I've set it from my heart? There's no other love than baby And I sure wanna get a crystal star Can you see the light? Can you see the light? Can you see the light? Can you see the light? Can you see the light? Let's say the go for the good cheesy music. It was the good cheesy music. Giff and Lé, I have to say, was quite surprised. We're fine, there's no doubt about it. Do you want to hear the real, there's no real fault, they put more traditional cheesy music? What's that? It's a accordion? No, not at all. We're gonna listen to a little new song. The new song is the Beat Shift, which is a new 33 tours, the first one in their line. It's new. They're the real music directors, they manage to make the music without wa-wa, they're almost without wa-wa. They're very masters of their art, we have to read it. We're gonna listen to the Beat Shift, which is reduced to tears. I can understand it's necessary to pass to the end of this world and I know what to do and I know what you mean so I know you can take my heart and I say I'll turn above all of that and I know and that I know what you mean and that I know what you mean so I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn above all of that and I know I'll turn start raving naked in the fall like Asia Asia So we're going to release our new presenter delivered to us. Yes he left to the phone and we saw him compose a number that started with 156 so we don't know when he'll come back. We hear it. It was Mojo, well-delirious and my sound. So there's a dear audience that I thank and that I greet Hello Cristian, how are you? He just called me to tell me that Mojo has a second meaning which means Fossyer. So where is the explanation of the song of the Beastie Boys, Aggray on Mojo, which means that the Beastie Boys were throwing eggs on the Fossyer. It's a word that has a lot of meaning as there are many. I think it's important to think thanks to this very faithful audience. He told me that next time there will be a Chicago Blues festival, you were aware of it. I don't know when it's... If you're interested in listening to the good old blues, it's rather the old one. Yes, it's the good old blues. So watch this Frisson show, it should be next time, at least this month. It could be interesting to see these big black guys with their big guitars that are playing on it with incredible mimics. For the incredible mimics, you have to come and see Jérôme. It's quite impressive. I hope that the old blues rock will have some fun. We have to be transparent, otherwise there will be no fun. We have to finish the show without the pain. So, do we listen to your songs again? It would be a good idea. It's my personal opinion. It's a technical thing that's next to me. We think it's a song after a song from us. It's a song from Stevie Ray Vaughan that Laurent will present to you. It's his record. Yes, it's my favorite blues. I've already listened to it 14,532 times. It's a song called Texas Flood. It's the best song from Stevie Ray Vaughan. It's played by Stevie Ray Vaughan. I listen to it, like every other audience, we have nothing to do with it. After this song, everyone will know. You're very definitive. We'll see. If you have something to do with Stevie Ray Vaughan, don't call. Don't call or 250, especially not. So, Stevie Ray Vaughan in Texas Flood. Let's listen to Stevie Ray Vaughan in Texas Flood. Flood is flooding down in Texas All of the telephone lines are dull Well, it's flooding down in Texas All of the telephone lines are dull And I've been trying to call my baby Lord, I can't get a single sound Well, dark clouds are rolling And I'm standing out in the rain Well, dark clouds are rolling And I'm standing out in the rain Yeah, I don't wanna keep rolling My mind's about to drop, hold me inside Yeah, I don't wanna keep rolling My mind's about to drop, hold me inside Yeah, I don't wanna keep rolling My mind's about to drop, hold me inside Yeah, I don't wanna keep rolling Yeah, I don't wanna keep rolling My mind's about to drop, hold me inside Yeah, I don't wanna keep rolling My mind's about to drop, hold me inside Yeah, I don't wanna keep rolling Yeah, I don't wanna keep rolling My mind's about to drop, hold me inside Yeah, I don't wanna keep rolling My mind's about to drop, hold me inside Yeah, I don't wanna keep rolling Well, I'm leaving you baby Lord, I'm going back home today Well, I'm leaving you baby Lord, I'm going back home today Well, back home I know, blood's a donated Baby, I've been the sunshine for every day Alright, TV Reveal, Texas Float, awesome The famous festival, Ticago Blues, Au Fri-Som, it's Saturday 16th, November, next Saturday Just to note, on Thursday 14th, there's the FFF, which will be at the Dolce Vita de Lausanne The FFF, I need to introduce, is the French Federation of Funk, and not funk, it's a concert that can be quite disturbing Tomorrow, Friday 15th, something interesting for those who are interested We'll have Malu from Madrid, who will be doing Flamenco Rock You'll hear about it, something else, gypsy, etc. It's not true, I'm not an adept, I listened to the record, unfortunately I didn't It's very good, and it's really Flamenco, according to the Spanish specialists With the triple intensity, etc. Note that Malu is accompanied by a dance queen, and is close to Madrilein, 150kg, who is the trombone And who, naturally, do their job while he's playing If people are interested, I have a friend who saw them in Paris, it's really good So Thursday, the FFF will be at Malu and Saturday, the Chicago Blues Festival At Frisson We'll listen to one of your songs We'll listen to a rock and roll, not a group song, but a poet, a bouzou It's good, it's good It's from Kentucky, it's where I come from It's about the love he has for horses It's interesting to say it because we're the Blue Riders And that this love for horses, I share it It's a song about horses, my name is Philippe, a philosopher, a horse lover I love horses, especially if they're in steam and are in the air It's a song that becomes really great when you're on stage Like all the songs we play, when you record on cassette, it's not the same as when you're on stage It's a word that's a dimension You heard the song, you heard the version What's the title of the Blue Riders? The Horse The horse H-O-S-S What does that mean? It's the horse, but it's just the beginning of the South America South America, so South of the States Ok, let's go, it's the horse Let's talk I love the horse from who to have, from who to have and tell to me And I'm as a horse as I have said From it to who fin back again As old as fire and steam, it's time riding I love my gun, the first of all Then I'm the Paris of the crowd And it's my weapon, then I fall Down on my knees and I'm out the home It's the Blue Riders, the walking home The horse I love the horse from who to have, from it to who fin tell to me And I'm as a horse as I have said From it to who fin back again As old as fire and steam, it's time riding I love my gun, the first of all Then I'm the Paris of the crowd And it's my weapon, then I fall Down on my knees and I'm out the home It's the Blue Riders, the walking home The horse The horse The horse Alright alright, it's time to go Interpretate my Blue Riders from Nihonro Right, right I didn't want to play a song with me, so I'm not disturbing Just to introduce the concert of this Thursday at the FFF, the French Federation of Funk We're going to listen to a little bit of funk, not FFF, but masters of the genre, whatever Those who just released an album, the 5th of the genre, the best of the genre, there's no doubt about it I want to talk about Red Hot Chili Peppers, do you know Red Hot Chili Peppers? Yes, quite a lot Do you like them? I like them a lot Ah, that's good Another facet, as we explained earlier, everyone screams and listen to different people That's what I'm doing, not a group of people, but a group that I'm particularly fond of We're going to listen to a song from their last album, it's... My god, which one? I don't remember the name, it's the first one, it's Power of Equality It seems like it, I'm not sure, yes it must be, let's say it's that It's Red Hot Chili Peppers, let's go Swing Just a little bit of Power, Power of Equality And then you want it all to be It's a meal like a hollow tree The Power of Equality Red Hot Chili Peppers Red Hot Chili Peppers I love Red Hot Chili Peppers Red Hot Chili Peppers Smell the slime, black and yellow, white as the fill Can you hear me, am I clear, my name is peace, this is my hour Can I get just a little bit of power, power of equality And now you're what it ought to be It feels real like a hollow dream Power of equality I got chicks, I got CDs, I got my public enemies I'm a little white ass, just to go big with I listen to the music that makes me think Now another motherfucker, pilot, just to do another bus Stuff the birds on ambition Another touch, just a sound we make So sacred love, I'll let we take Two, three, eight, straight, what is true You're here with me, and what I do My name is peace, this is my hour Can I get just a little bit of power, power of equality And now you're what it ought to be It feels real like a hollow dream The power of equality I got a rope on the Bible, I give it with the ending I'm in debt, I'm sitting in the grip for my killing fist I'm giving up, just to exist Feel me wrong, I get pissed I know I can't not get to this People in pain, I do not dig it I change your pay for a miscarp, pick it Do you hear me A little brother, do you hear me Have a heart, oh come get near me Is howやって<|ar|> mooi But harbinger before I feel What I see in the sanity Whatever happens to humanity Whatever happens to humanity The end Good, so much fun The best thing at the end Was the real Chili Peppers That was the one that was playing us Power, what was the tip? To announce the concert of this game Decade in November The C'est la Routre in Toulouse The French Federation of Fonk Their disc is not bad Not bad, they don't really fit in the drums But we're on the concert They seem to be well-tapped Well-alumized, it's a risk As I said To play well at home We take the opportunity to say hello to the man-whisperers Hello the man-whisperers As you know, I would like to see you in the 14th Well, that's all for now Come back to the Nyonvaux Blu-rider So, the Blu-rider What are we going to do? We're going to play a piece of bar in Southfield Bloody Mary They had a two-year-old Chevita I remember I saw it I played a good piece It's a very simple music They're not technicians But they make good fish Personally, it's a personal opinion That I prefer to have a fish Rather than having a fish You hear the sound in the background With public enemy, the piece of the year I was going to say That it's better to have a fish than a technician It's important If we don't have any technical skills It's impressive We lose the fish We need minimal technical skills For a fish If we have a fish They have a good fish We're going to cut the track with Chevita To listen to the bar in Southfield Bloody Mary For your information, we're going to play with Charotter Chantilly Tristan, we're listening to Gary Moore and Pa Balun For anything I'm too tired to walk Too tired to run I can hear my baby calling Too tired, too tired, I'm tired Yes, I'm tired I'm tired Too tired for anything I'm too tired for anything I'm tired I'm tired of prosperity I'm tired of luck I'm sitting on a pen I'm too tired to get up I'm tired I declare I'm tired I'm too tired Too tired for anything Oh, I'm tired You better take over now I'm tired Alright, alright, it's a good one Gary Moore Gary Moore, what's up? Well, let's listen to the Blue Rider Let's talk a little bit about you What do you think? I'm doing a proposal So, let's talk a little bit about you Tell me a little bit about your influences I think we understood it About the way the audience has a mental level approaching the level zero So, I'm also talking about the same occasion So, we have to talk in simple terms so that I can understand I have to apologize for the too long years of academic studies that I did It's not important Let's talk about you rather than me What do you want to say about you? I think that's all I have a lot to say about him We have a lot to say We already have a story Vade Store is a beautiful story of a guy who met a sword in a smoking truck They were all drunk They made it short They all liked the blues That's it No Not really Tell me your beautiful story If we want to start from the beginning There was Jerome who knew My song that knows the song Eric the drummer who didn't talk much tonight He talks to Eric And me Eric knew Jean le Bassiste and then we have the guitar teacher of Jerome who knew Laurent who joined the band in the last few years We don't know what's important What's important is that you have to say that you listen to Alex who was a good musical triplet We listened to a lot of things and then we started to do things ourselves We listened to music for 3 years and we selected everything that seems better We did a research on what the others do Now we stop and do things ourselves From there I want Eric to play drums We met people who had the same optics It's like that Let's do it like that And now we try to do something that is clean to us even with music That's the question I asked you It's not that the blues is not a limited genre It's a genre It's a genre that is difficult to create a clean originality A very short originality It's hard There are a lot of classics I don't know a Czechoslovak blues band A Swiss band that has a lot of good news but they have done a lot of things that are not new We try not to do that We try to compose ourselves What do you bring to your music to your blues vision What do you bring to your music to estimate new things I like a certain kind of fish I think that the fish is something that has a lot of blues Yeah Some, not all Maybe not all It's something that is with blues things It's not You don't have anything that you bring to your music that would be original It's not revolutionary We try to bring a new direction to the level of the lyrics Exactly There is a lot of work blues is not a girl It's not a girl It's not a girl There is always this theme There is solitude which is a little more rare And now that we start to know each other and to play things that we feel good every five We can let ourselves go and we start to innovate and we start to go into into our own rhythm Our own rhythm And you think that it's okay to talk about this kind of field and with this kind of music That seems to me to be quite terrifying I think I assimilate blues almost to madness because if you go very deep into blues into a certain trance you can become a gag of blues And precisely in these delights in these hallucinations you can go in all directions That's what's interesting With the same theme going in all directions it can go very far The base is quite simple It's quite simple but it allows us to break the boundaries as much as we see harmony It's a great power to each musician each musician has its own improvisation and personality I think blues is more a state of mind and a sensation There is a very nice definition of Molly Waters I'm not sure who said the blues is a good man feeling bad That's exactly it It's not just talking about women cars It's a state of mind and when we listen to blues or play blues we get joy Many people say blues is sad music but in my opinion it's not it's a free music It's a free music It's easy to do but it's hard to be calm Yes, indeed We're going to listen to a little piece as we announced before It's called Body Marry It's a body marry It's Body Marry It's Body Marry It's Body Marry Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Another one Another one Have mercy on me Yes friend, here he is jumping James Brick Our kind time No love Yes I'll be movin' to the highway Rambling man keeps rambling on Yes I'll be movin' to the highway Rambling man keeps rambling on Now you can't seem to see a night with Back my jet and I'll be gone I say troubles, trouble, policies Follow me everywhere I go Trouble, trouble, policies Follow me everywhere I go I can't seem to shake old trouble Trouble got me down Even if it's with the young man But I walk this morning feelin' hazy My good guy she done left and gone Yes I walk this morning feelin' hazy My good guy she done left and gone She said I was dumb and lazy Ain't no truth in that at all They were changed, won J.J.J. They called us Scratch My Back No it was... Pack my Jack Well done I think Tongue just arrived Hello Tongue Hello How was it? You were telling yourself I'll make you a special edition Or later, we'll have some time Next week I'll remind you that it's Dorian's Gris I'll remind you that Dorian's Gris will be with us I won't be there this week with 10 of Earthquakes No, and next week I'll be there with the man Whisper So it'll be there this week So I think next year you can... I'll be there already I'll be there earlier We'll have a lot of songs from the Blue Rider 143 I hope not, not too much Just a Rude A Rude? Yes a Rude, it'll be ok What do you want to listen to? What would you like to see in the audience? Epanoui and lausanne I think we've programmed a few songs To the cheese Like we say here With the... A cheesy song Cheesy And then... We already know Mojo Nixon and Skidraper Ok, great So it's the Blue Rider that's playing us What's the song? BBQ USA I don't think that's it Without you guys knowing, we've programmed the third one Yes that's it That's not it? No, it's not It's the Blue Rider BarbQ USA That's it I'll make BarbQ USA with the Blue Rider Nyon Vo Let's go BarbQ Walters BarbQ Screes BarbQ Elvis Presley and a song Mojo snap let's snap BarbQ Blue Bulls Blue Bulls with you Can't be shy Piedon Kevin Papaduck you can win the palace BarbQ BarbQ BarbQ BarbQ BarbQ BarbQ BarbQ Don't touch the future BarbQ Losers big city Mr. Jim don't you BarbG Don't touch the good BarbQ The risk of rivers And Ooh BarbQ BarbQ BarbQ Alright kids after surfing USA The Beach Boys BarbQ USA Blue Rider The river Vaudoise Nyon We're coming to the end In any case For the Blue Rider We'll take the door If you want to stay you can Like your guide We'll take the doors I think we'll have to More than the time Normally in every group We'll sell it So Dear viewers Stay tuned to listen Some good songs As you usually hear We'll have to sleep on Monday And then Blue Rider we'll listen to another song You chose one or two A little last Jimmy Hendrix We'll figure out Jimmy The song is the song You're sorry anyway What's the song? Little Wing Yeah Blue Rider gave you Message, press messages On the way to the waves Say hi to the public Say hi to the people of Lausanne The people of Lausanne you want to say hi If yes, call Lausanne will tremble I'll be down Lausanne will make me laugh I'll be down Trample on these good songs Don't you think Lausanne is different? Yeah but it's worse We saw the Blue Rider If I told you There are groups of Lausanne that are quite effective Meshaman If they're not effective Meshaman is contagious It's not important Meshaman is a young guy You'll see I remind you Blue Rider from Nihon Will be with their Blu-Zrock Not what I'm talking about Friday Saturday, December 17 The Trident Collector I was going to say Those who don't know how to do Saturday night It's a bit messy We'll remind you of that Anyway Blue Rider, I wish you a good night Thank you for coming Thank you for inviting us You have a strong hand We have to say the things We're all really funny Blue Rider, good night We're done With a little Jimmy Before we go With some new things Music Music Look when I'm sad When I'm sad She comes to me Music A thousand smiles She gives me free Music It's alright It's alright, she says it's alright Take anything you want from me Music Anything Anything Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Ok, this is Andy and well said It was Jimmy and Rex Let's go back to our mutants To our mutants To our mutants, precisely I was talking to you before I was listening to a song by Funk That is, a song by the Funk Federation Which I remind you of for the 10th millennium That I said on the 14th of November in the Dow in Vitado, Ozan Well, yes, thank you Tanguy It's the one who brought me the album It's your album's album It's called Blast Culture Which was recorded in New York With the biggest musicians and funk-cadet musicians There are people there The great-grandfather of the American funk The producer is Bill Laswell What am I saying? Bill Laswell who produced I don't know what A piece of stuff In the Ramones Everybody went through the Ramones Anyway, the Ramones Anyway, it's really the thing we were waiting for It's a band that has been talking about it For a long time But unfortunately, I am quite disappointed Me too Because it's pretty boring But I saw it At Les In and it was really good Because it was much more fun Much more lively While it's It has the same flavor From the heat From the heat-cooking salami It has the same flavor as the French rap Imagine the chili red-hot in French With the words in French A guy who sings quite a lot And then It has no flavor There is a reprise of Rick M For a con He falls in his grave And then we will go to one of the songs That worths It's a song that lasts for 1 minute 33 It's called Trash Muffin And it's one of the only things That you might want to see I suggest you to go see it at the Dolce Vita It's a big duo, especially in the Dolce It's a band that is really hot So whatever Don't buy the album But go see the concert We listen to it in the Blas Culture FF Yeah Ooh Oh Oh Yeah Be by my side Be by my side Be by my side Be by my side Be by my side Welcome to You Whoo Home You Be by my side Be by my side騙舉 Be by my side It is deep Be by my side It is the end It is great, we have left the microphone on What everyone heard, furnished It was FFF in Blast, Fire, Blast Culture And trash and morphine And our usual bullshit Because it should be quite fabulous Whatever it is, go see FFF And above all, if you go see it on Thursday At least you will not have the usual bullshit Oh, it's for sure I'm very happy to be with you in the audience Hey, hello Blurrider, all good So Philippe, I have two things to offer you Either trash, hardcore Or acid jazz In this show, we often talk about acid jazz But we never hear it It's not quite right At the beginning, we will listen to a little song To put it in the mouth And then say, do you realize what I had to suffer? Wait, wait for the door to be closed No, it's not, anyway I'm happy You are adorable I was very well behaved this evening Once, but not with a hum Call me to confirm that I was absolutely adorable And I even was almost pure Anyway, we have to say what they went through It was not trivialism Now manifest that the Blurriders went through Chasoritoch, Chasoritoch, Chasoritoch, Chasoritoch I'm interested to know what you think If you are still alive, of course So we will listen to that a little bit Metal trash, a little bit of... We can start with the acid jazz And we will maybe go up in progress Since the FFF was not what was best And then we will start with a compilation Called Best of Acid Jazz So we can not better fall Acid Jazz was a movement that started in 1986-1987 And now, and at the time too It's an English label Called Acid Jazz And on this label, it's the new thing that works From the tunnel, they are classified in English charts Even in the Swiss charts where they occupy the 13th position Which is to say Compilations in fact of groups And in the most known groups there is Galliano Who went to the Dolce Vita There are the Brand New Avis who went to the Dolce Vita And what else? There is a man called Adam who is quite famous And now we will listen to a song from a group Called New Jazz The Kings It's called Spinning Wheel And well, under this label Acid Jazz In fact, it groups a certain number of things More or less good, in my opinion There are things that are pure jazz Of pretty good quality Sometimes some kind of funk Of quality, rather less mediocre Sometimes even disco Sometimes reggae It mixes a little bit a different style That makes these compilations are not It's not All the pieces are not Excessive quality In general, one or two pearls are really excellent So here it's the compilation that comes out We will listen to a song maybe not entirely Because it's quite long But just to give you a A good preview of what is Acid Jazz And that's how you can get into the world To say, of course I know Acid Jazz I listen to The Shadows of Night Me So we will listen to New Jazz The Kings In Spinning Wheel It's a compilation of Best of Acid Jazz Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music