 No women allowed. We are not going to show you the movie, but we will meet again next week between 8.30pm and 8.30pm. Music is still a moment. In a few minutes, I would say 25 minutes, you will find the newspaper. It's not a book. Music is still a moment. Music is still a moment. Music is still a moment. Music is still a moment. Music is still a moment. Music is still a moment. Music is still a moment. Music is still a moment. Music is still a moment. Music is still a moment. Music is still a moment. Music is still a moment. Music is still a moment. Music is still a moment. Music is still a moment. Music is still a moment. Music is still a moment. Music is still a moment. Music is still a moment. Music is still a moment. Music is still a moment. Music is still a moment. Music is still a moment. Look how little light it is and then we cry as if we were in a dream You are a mafia, yes, and then better ask for forgiveness Yes, and already, when the little light will sing propaganda and variety films Sing, but not only sing for you He only sings for love But already, what? All the past, yes, then he also takes all幹嘛, yes, and then you run and then you have to give a little bit of pain but that one loses only blood Yes, then when the little light will sing too little time will be there but to ask yourself how he ever sings only for love Listen, why have you given so much? Yes, listen to the one who is at the moment and then ready, I leave when he wants because he is the one who smiles and goes to the club because when the little light will sing maybe another life will be broken but it is from the deficient to say that he only sings for love What would have happened? When the little light will sing maybe another life will be broken but it is from the deficient to say that he only sings for love Yes, listen to the one who is at the moment and then you have to give a little bit of pain but to ask yourself how he ever sings maybe another life will be broken but it is from the deficient to say that he only sings for love The one who is at the moment and then you have to give a little bit of pain but to ask yourself how he ever sings maybe another life will be broken but it is from the deficient to say that he only sings for love