 On the screen, on the 100 of points of acid, the Radio de la région Lozanoise, after this phase B with Jacques Chesset, we receive François Becker, good evening. Good evening Olivier Raymond, in the company of Bertrand and Cuyet, who is a little bit of the regime. We can say so too. Today, cinema, we are talking about it, with Deuxphine, Jean Braspa, who has pleasantly surprised the public of Lozanois, it's the last week in the lausannoise cells, and Rep. Seudide, in the town of Corosawa. I think it was more the side of the seduction that has taken place, I think the programming has been very pleasant, and maybe a little bit of a detachment compared to the general work of Corosawa. A new generic too, you could hear it for people who were passionate about the first notes and who will certainly be able to hear it in its entirety at the end of the broadcast, it's a piece of the POGs. It's a piece of introduction, everything is great. I particularly like, I ask you to pause, that we adopt it for our generic in front of the screen. And finally, we will have the pleasure of receiving Dominique de Vargas by Ligne Telephonique, who is one of the sponsors of the film festival de Fribourg, which is the film of African cinema, Asian, who is a Latin guy. We had, by the way, talked about it last year with an Indian film, so we will have it all the time in our show. So, Rapsoli Lothon, you talk about charm, poetry, since we were all the time in poetry with this new work of poetry by Jacques Chesset, maybe we can continue on this theme. Excellent idea Olivier, really, it's true that it is a quite poetic film, even though reality is often quite prime, since it is a question of Nagasaki and Hiroshima, the two cities bombed in Japan. So it is true that it is a question of generation, maybe there is a very clear collusion between two generations, the little children with a grandmother. And the grandmother saw her husband at that time in 1944 disappear in the explosion of the atomic bomb. I think the first used, sad first. And then it is true that this memory is very alive, although the generation of parents, of these young people, of these teenagers, is tend to forget this event because a part of the family is American and fortunate and they are afraid of this, of this, or rather, bad feeling by this part of the American family which is very rich and to lose from this different advantages that they feel they are given. So it is true that on the side of these generations, there are conflicts and that the collusion between the little children and the grandmother is very beautiful. So I think we can also point out the role of the grandmother, which is quite fabulous. It is an old, fragile, convincing lady, I mean, and then discreet too, and not either so rebundit or so egregious by a sort that was still very, very violent for her since she saw her husband disappear, that she had to raise these two children, in any case, alone, but nevertheless when she sees the American again, who feels responsible, although not of this generation concerned, who feels responsible for this bombing, she tells him, it does not do anything, speaking of the death of her husband, it is good that it does not do anything naturally, but nevertheless she is able to forget. You must forget, yes. Very beautiful. The grandmother lives with her descendants? In fact, in the film, it may not be entirely clear, but what I suppose is that these little children are received by her during the holidays. And then it's true that it's a very beautiful period to see the little conflicts of generations that still exist because they are not agree on the plans of the kitchen. So until the end of the act, the film is rather slow and we are indeed wondering if what is going to happen is precisely, but the second part would be very dense and it deserves really to be seen. It may also be interesting to stop in the way in which the film has been recent, it seems that in Europe, it is rather an hymn to peace, which is recent through this film, whereas the United States have rather reacted in a less positive way, by having the feeling that there was a re-vendication behind it, an innermost, but perhaps accumulated rancors against the Americans by the Japanese people who were martyred on this occasion, precisely these two bombardments. But I believe that, in any case, I do not see anything else than peace, in fact, desired. So the film, in the end, that you advise on the public? Absolutely. Yes, I believe that Olivier Hamon can say that. You like it? Absolutely. On my side, I am going to see, I do not impress, I do not know if you yourself have also had the opportunity to see it. You also have a little bit of a hit. So I do not impress in the end, in a few words, we can still talk about it, it is this myth that can live with artists on the one hand, but also with children from the countryside who grew up in a relatively simple environment, whose parents have a little business where parents work for the state as a worker, for example, and often these children of second generation who go and leave the city, as we say, to go look for something to succeed or at least to be able to get better than what their parents can do. So this boy who wants to do theater, maybe do show business, we do not know very well, it is poorly defined in the film, who lives in the Pyrenees with his family, will leave a beautiful morning at the age of 20, the Pyrenees to regain Paris where he will find himself very quickly in a huge megalopolis with everything that it behaves, the traffic, the problems of work, of housing, also in housing, as we can meet him, and very quickly the financial problems, because it is not all to have money, we realize that in a metropolis of this type, the expenses are also very different from the expenses that he could have had in his little campaign of the Pyrenees, and he will be confronted with big problems in the city, he will find himself facing failures, he will realize that in the end he is different compared to the children of the city who are born in a certain environment, who have followed a certain education, who have learned to read, to write, who are interested in authors, things like that, who may have followed art seminars, and he will follow theater courses and quickly, very quickly, he will realize that he will not understand the texts, that he will not have to learn, etc. It will have a big problem and he will be confronted, so there, the problem of prostitution for men, he will also meet a prostitute and a woman, and the whole story turns around, it is true that it is very hard in the end, because we realize that there is double contrast, there is the difficulty of selling the only thing that remains in our body, while saying I do not embrace, in the end when a client comes, he asks for a pass, he does not know very well, he does not do anything, he asks for a big price, but he does not embrace, he does not do anything, no touch, he remains very kept in relation to his client, and the contrast, in the end, he does not want to enter this game, and he still has to enter to gain his life, and he will even take himself to the game after. Contrast between the ideal dream, which was the first part of the film and then the reality, which is really violent and cruel indeed. So a surprising film, with very hard passages, we can also say it, there are very cruel passages in the end where we can stay a little bit, maybe, in the end of the movie, I think that people who are afraid of the plunder and others, we have nothing to fear in the end because we do not have ... I think there is not even a single veil, I think it's really very impudical as a film, it's fun, by the way, because for the theme in the end we could have imagined scenes, for example, a little bit shocking, but no, it remains very impudical, but still relatively violent. I think it's an interesting film, I think we can also advise the public. And the interpretation, how did you find this interpretation, the actors, the protagonists, the virhams? Listen, I was a little bit ... a little bit shocked with our beautiful actress who suddenly cut her hair, the black hair, she had the character incarnate who did not like me too much in the background, I was a little bit ... yes, I was a little bit frustrated, I imagined to find her this beautiful girl like she was in the beautiful girl and there I was a little bit frustrated, I do not like it, a role in which she was not very comfortable herself, I believe in the end. He would fit well with the film, however. He would fit well with the film, but he needed it, but it was not as much as he did, so I think in the end he played his role well. Absolutely. Sometimes we have a little bit, I would say a little bit, when you come out of the film, we say to ourselves in the end, what is this guy, what is this guy? A little bit of a heavy impression at the time. No, we said to ourselves, my God, but how come he is beautiful? He fell into all the successive panels, one after the other. I think in the end it was a little bit of an easy interpretation when we come out of the film, we are a little bit taken by the throat, we say to ourselves, we would not have done that. And I think in the end it is true that he is a child who goes down from a very simple family and who does not really realize all the important things that happened to him. Well, I propose you a short musical interview, after which we will meet Dominique De Riva for the film festival of Fribourg. I open a magazine and I see a pretty little hole. Yes, it's the film festival of Fribourg, Africa, Asia, Latin America, and we have Dominique De Riva on the antenna. Yes, it's better for me Dominique De Varga as you have mentioned. Sorry, I'm even more sensitive because there was the same fault in 24 hours, there is not a long time, and Dominique De Varga exists. Indeed, the channel exists, staff, indeed. And maybe we shouldn't confuse, not that we continue to confuse. No indeed, well, here we are. Yes, we had the opportunity last year to talk with a famous journalist, and journalist too. Indian. So I propose you to talk to us about this sixth edition and its jury. What you just went through was a retrospective of Gatac. Hituic Gatac was not read directly at the festival, because at the time the festival was held every two years. Currently, the film festival of Fribourg takes place from 1992, so this month of January, it will take place every year. It has existed for 12 years, which is still not enough, and it mainly exists in Fribourg as a festival and then in all of Switzerland, in all the main cities of Switzerland, what we call the cycle, that is to say that the main films, the long-distance, documentary of the cycle in the cities of Switzerland in February and March. Having received a first prize in Fribourg, or ...? That is to say, in the first prize, the festival itself takes place in Fribourg. That's where the prizes are distributed. There are therefore four prizes. The first is a prize for distribution, such as films from Asia, Africa and Latin America. It is often difficult for distributors to take them. And so it is a chance for those who win the prize to go out to Switzerland. There is a worst-case scenario currently on the screens, for example, who had won the city of Eliellen, the wheel of horses, it is all the prizes of the festival. There is a short film prize, which is new this year, because we realize how much the short film prize for countries, I say well, Thiermonde, but it is important to launch for filmmakers. It is a little something in Switzerland, I would say. There will be a documentary prize, a film prize, and a public prize. So all this is happening in Fribourg. Can you tell us a few words about the jury of this festival? Yes, absolutely. So it is a jury composed of five people. We were waiting for Mr Gaston Caboret, who is from the Burkina Faso and who is the Secretary-General of the Pan-African Federation of filmmakers. Unfortunately, he cannot come. He comes, in any case, certainly, to Valeria Sarmiento, who is Raul Ruiz's wife, who is a filmmaker herself, who presents a film here, not in competition because she is a member of the jury. There is Michel Heger, journalist, to build, a critic of cinema. Pierre Lloyd Singer, who you can always read, the little papers at the end of the mood, at the end of the book, who worked in the direction of cooperation, development and humanitarian, and then a delegate from Fribourg, Mr Jubin. Dominique Gariva, it is the first time you organize this festival. So of course, I would like to see your impression of responsibility and pleasure that you can feel through this event on foot of the festival. Finally, it's for the first time, it's the first time for you, precisely. Yes, so I am not the director of the festival. The director of the festival is Marcial Knebel. I am his collaborator, if you want. We have a office between the two, especially this year now. And well, I have been in this job for quite a long time now, since apart from trying to make films, you have to feed yourself. So I was in the distribution of films, I was attached to press. It's a little the same job. What may change is the type of film I have to do now, because the Asian, African, American, Latin films, first, you have to go and look for them further. And it's a whole other film than a luxury film. We must have recognized films that are often made with very simple means. We must have recognized more and more discreet, more difficult to draw. These are the cinemas we have been following since their first film. And who suddenly gives us a chance to be declared, like people like... I don't know what Yelena did, who is under the hands of 6C, who suddenly becomes names and who, thanks to small festivals that we are no longer, but that we have been, have become someone in the world film industry. Dominique Derivage, I would like to ask you one last question. Maybe you could tell us a little about the production of films in the third world. Because it's a little surprising, when we talk about the third world, we always have a very mis-arabilist vision and we have more to realize the last year, for example, when we have, production is quite enormous. And the monstrously large, especially in India. I don't know her yet, because, as it is the first year I'm taking care of her, if I wanted to be bad, I would say she is relatively mis-arabilist in Switzerland too, as a filmmaker. But as long as there is a will of NAP, whether it is Burkina Faso, or Cameroon, or anywhere to make films, I think that the people who have this obsession come to do it. There are co-production, especially with France, with other countries. There is often money elsewhere, which comes a little elsewhere, but it's films generally to put in budget. Often with teams in Switzerland, there are some producers who take care of it, there is Meyère Adjuri, who takes care of it. There are many African films. And so there are Swiss capitals that can be invested. And then teams, often white, I think especially to filming in Africa, it's not always teams... I don't know if the black technicians, if there is enough to answer the demand of the films that are made in Africa, in any case, I know that we are often called to French or European films. But it would be necessary that gradually all these filming is taken by the people of the country. They themselves. Amine, there was a last question, perhaps to know, I know that some of these films will be visible in February. It's still music from the future, we will certainly come back to it, but it doesn't matter. The date of the Freiburg Festival is still important. On the 27th of January to 5th of February. On the 27th of January to 5th of February, so 10 days. And then in Lausanne, on the 21st of February to 7th of March, to the Cinémathèque and to the Cinéma Richemont. And in Veuveuil, a little later, on the 28th of March, 28th and 29th, so on the weekend, so on the Canton-de-Vaux, two cities, in any case Lausanne, very well represented with two rooms, which is the tradition now, for a few years. Before that, it was called the Film Festival of the Third World. You understand well that we have suppressed this connotation a little. Of course. Miserabilis, that's why now it's called Lausanne. You will recognize it under Film Festival Asia-African-American-Latin. Good, Dominique Derivat, I thank you. We can perhaps recall from the 27th of January to the 5th of February, the Film Festival of the Freiburg, Latin-American-African-African-American. And some films, Lausanne too. I can just say that there are 42 long-distance films. So it's not a few films, it's a lot of films. 13 documentaries, 14 short films and 36 first films in Switzerland. So it's not a small festival at all. It's the festival of the Empire, which you can find in France, in Amiens or elsewhere. But we are never a prophet in his country, not enough. So thank you for giving us the opportunity to talk about it. Thank you. Have a nice day. See you. I'll show you a little piece of music in technical terms. I think it's a piece of Gainsbourg. It was all the time on board the ship. Since I was born, I have been bound by the sun, exactly. Not on the side, not anywhere. Under the sun, under the sun, exactly. Just in the sun. It was the New Mexico. I was just born, towards the Cape Verde. I was sure. So I'm afraid. Under the sun, exactly. Not on the side, not anywhere. Under the sun, under the sun, exactly. Just in the sun. It was a dream. That I open my eyes. And yet, if it was nothing, under the sun, exactly. Not on the side, not anywhere. Under the sun, under the sun, exactly. Just in the sun. So, that's it. Thanks for watching. I hope you enjoyed the video. I'll see you in the next one. Bye! On the top of the morning, page 69 is for you to fill the right order. The 700 first delivery will be free. The 700th PINCE. We're asking for a Bar Made for the winter season. 91-92 in Haute-Ninnda, where it will be possible to ski outside working hours on the fantastic Haute-Ninnda tracks. For the dancing, the private Haute-Ninnda, you just have to call 027-88-33-68. 027-88-33-68. It's a Bar Made for the winter season. 91-92, which is for the dancing, the private Haute-Ninnda. The 700th PINCE.