 Madame, Madame, Monsieur, Monsieur, Madame, Excuse me, I am a very loud person. You are listening to the best radio station in town. The radio station is 2.8 am. The radio station is 2.8 am. The first radio station, like every Saturday afternoon, between 4.30 and 7.30 am, is your solar light, and through your inverted tempos, there are still no medals for Swiss people who have the Pansisne, and you have to recognize that it is a very, very high value. Since it is unique, Steve Locher, he was a Nordic man, and he has been in the team for a few days. Victor Roos, the special man who was the last ski-alpine discipline in the Olympic Games, Victor de Finchristian de Fourousette, the Norwegian from the Vendée Albert in the bottom, and then third Michael Tritcher, who has Patrick Stauble, the best hotel representative, and he takes a honorable fourth place. Coca-Cola, a sixth, it could be worse. Excellent afternoon to all of you. You will find 14h45 and you will have the honor to meet Lauren Siebenmann for a much more complete information flash. What I just told you about the Olympic Games, which is very interesting, and maybe, maybe, maybe even more. Good afternoon, Marc-Lédard, your server, whose joy and good mood. Bye! Yes, fourth place. Sewing the seats of love. Sewing the seats of love. The birds in the bees. The birds in the bees. We're going for it in the end. We are in love. music feel the pain talk about it if you're a warren man shout about it open hearts feel about it open your things think about it everyone all speak about it everyone speak about it everyone alone everyone speak about it everyone alone alone alone alone alone alone alone alone everyone alone time to read all your words swallow your pride open your eyes time to read all your words swallow your pride open your eyes I got to meet a Spanish of other views of a calm man on the left chain right across the coast every minute of every hour I don't know the sunflowers or the leaves love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love Do you know? DRAIN EYE DRAIN EYE DRAIN EYE DRAIN EYE DRAIN EYE DRAIN EYE DRAIN EYE DRAIN EYE DRAIN EYE DRAIN EYE DRAIN EYE DRAIN EYE DRAIN EYE DRAIN EYE DRAIN EYE Sorry, Gil Capelou, we'll meet tonight with a great pleasure at the Toni's show, but I'm crying under the auditors' phones, which are so boring that we don't have the right material to make shows, we haven't even paid for it, and we're working with half the material that would be necessary for this type of show, for the show that's here, we have the afternoon of between 14h30 and 17h30, right away, a show, a reaction from a fused audience. Hello, sir. What's your name? My name is Leper Montaigne. I'm Mr. Vimain Montaigne. I'm from the office of the other companies that you benefit from in your station. Oh, I see, that's another thing. Well, they have the material, so I don't think you have that much material to make good music, like you usually do when you're on the first day. What can we do against it? I think you have to quit. I'll quit at the moment. My dad, who is listening to me, has made me notice that it's Perthino. Say, no, dad. He's a little old, don't go, dad. What do you think about this situation, with the FM? The jeffery! Yes, absolutely. I'll pass you the little sister, which is quite fine with me. You'll bring it back? Yes, yes, yes, yes, done. The little sister. I got a lot of pressure, then. But, it's okay, mom. Every time I was pressure to make a transition to the big one. We don't have any other record, we just tried another word. I don't know, you don't have any other... What age, my little one? Oh, if you knew. I have a terrible age, it's a disgrace. The phone is ringing, the camera is ringing, the phone is ringing, the phone is ringing! See you later. I think we have another listener, the phone is not ringing, yes, hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. I'm going to answer the question. Yes. You're a little bit of an artistic artist. No, I'm not. I forbid you to make small illusions that make me laugh, that make us laugh like you, Mr. Leder. Yes, yes, that's what I'm not looking at. I find it quite normal that a radio like yours works with four CDs, with a great technical installation that allows you all the possibilities of work, if you understand what I mean. Yes, absolutely. I tend to say that you work in ideal conditions. Besides, we other radio, we have hired a whole staff who puts us in the wrong place. You're the one who's doing it to make electricity. I think you're only working on a new animator here at Radio Asidule. MacGyver. MacGyver, yes, exactly. We'll find another listener right away. It doesn't stop ringing. 021-215-11 to react to your work conditions on Aacidule FM 100 2.8. Yes, hello, hello. Hello. I'm going to pass on my mom, because I have a little bit of trouble talking to you. I'm going to pass on my mom. Yes, what's up? Hello, ma'am. First of all, we don't hear anything clear about your work conditions, but now I'm going to bring you some records. But volunteer, ma'am, with pleasure. I'm going to bring you some records. You know the address? Yes, I have a template, so you can put a double and a third. Oh, thank you. That's what my daughter is listening to. Oh, yes, that's a good idea. I'm going to play with my son, the baker, and then my son, he freaks out with his daughter, twice as close to him. No. I'm telling you today, I'm telling you today, it's not normal to do that on TV. Thank you, ma'am. Goodbye, ma'am. You say hello next time. Yeah. Who is it? It's to offer you a good job, because the good ones are really good, but the flowers are even better. It's not reasonable. Thank you, sir. Yes, you're here. I'm on Asidule. Where are you from? I'm from the Belgian coast. Do you know? I know the Belgian coast. It's next to the Perrois. It's just next to the Perrois. It's a really great bistro. Come and drink with your friends. I want to pass you on. Yes, good idea. You send us all this. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, yes, yes. It's a joke, it was a random joke. The tones are hard. Is that what our little girl from our audience said earlier? Hello, Mr. Le D'Hert. Hello. Hello, Mr. Le D'Hert. That's an animator who's depressing, I think. I tried listening to your broadcast earlier. I'm really, really surprised that you don't have a single cell anymore. Mr. Le D'Hert, how is my dear Jean-Marc Richard doing? You don't have a single cell anymore. At your disposal. I don't know, but I'm going to ask Jean-Marc Richard if he's in the parades. We're going to ask our technician over there on the telephone side. Can you wait, Jean-Marc Richard? I'm going to see. There's a technician who has to do work and I'm going to tell him on the radio. You have a technician? He's wearing a white one, don't be angry. Okay, he's wearing a white one. It's serious, this radio. It's serious, bravo. You won't hear any more. No, but that... Goodbye, sir. And a self-taught charm, I believe, after the voice. Hello. Go hang on. To react to your reactions to the sound of 2.8 this afternoon 10.0.21, 205 seconds, don't hesitate. Yes, the sounds are hard. I'm afraid to get out of my bed I'm afraid to catch dirty things Now that a girl smiles at me I take turns and I run away The fish are radio-active And there's mercury in the beef cork I'm afraid to catch dirty things Now that a girl smiles at me I take turns and I run away The fish are radio-active And there's mercury in the beef cork I'm afraid to catch dirty things Now that a girl smiles at me I take turns and I run away The fish are radio-active And there's mercury in the beef cork The sounds are hard The sounds are hard, hard, hard It's going to be done soon, saying I'm singing The road is long, until the top 50 Yesterday I met a great imposter Who told me, listen, Coco It's nice to write on the tubes Now what you need is a little bubble We're going to make like a dream We're going to make big pieces of your face That we'll spread everywhere on the walls The sounds are hard The sound is hard It's hard, it's hard, it's hard It's hard, it's hard, it's hard The sleep doesn't want me, you've been dreaming for a long time On TV and the snow, I've invited the screen I've seen men who run, a land that retreats The calls are running, children who have moved You say it's not my role to talk about all this Before you take your word, you have to go there You say it's too easy, you say it's useless But it's even easier to talk about nothing So look, look a little I'm not going to get dirty because you're hurting your eyes So look, look a little I'll see everything we can do if we're not Lost in your nuances, your conscience, your rest While the word goes on, you don't find your words well You hesitate to say everything and a sense of silence You have trouble leaving, so always innocence So look, look a little I'm not going to get dirty because you're hurting your eyes So look, look a little You'll see everything we can do if we're not In my head, a music just played these images On African rites, but I don't see the landscape Always these men who run, a land that retreats These calls are running, children who have moved So look, look a little I'm not going to get dirty because you're hurting your eyes So look, look a little You'll see everything we can do if we're not So look, look a little I'm not going to get dirty because you're hurting your eyes So look, look a little You'll see everything we can do if we're not So look, look a little I'm not going to get dirty because you're hurting your eyes So look, look a little You'll see everything we can do if we're not If we're not If we're not If we're not It's beautiful, isn't it? Superb I like it We can tell them Laurent, what do you think about what is written very strong, which has a thousand beats and not a pro-sex? Let me think, wait, I'll scratch my head It's not obvious, I'll do it It's not obvious It's not obvious What is written very strong, which has no sex and no beats? It's not obvious the first two years of the concert of Patrick Bruyel Just By band? Why do I love you? I hear you talking about the keyboard I don't hear anything at all What do you think? Jesus, he knows me He looks like me I don't I'm not a fan of you On the cover of the magazine There's no question why I'm smiling You buy peace of paradise You buy a piece of me I'll get you everything you want every I'll get you everything you need You don't need to believe it hereafter Just believe in me Jesus, he knows me And he knows I'm right I've been talking to Jesus All my life Oh, yes, he knows me And he knows I'm right He's been telling me Yeah, the ten is alright I believe in the family If I ever love a white piece of me Or she don't know about my girlfriend Or the man I met last night Do you believe in God? Cause that is the war I'm selling And if you want to get to heaven I'll see you right You won't even ever leave your house Or get out of your chair You don't even have to touch that guy Cause I'm everywhere And Jesus, he knows me And he knows I'm right I've been talking to Jesus All my life Oh, yes, he knows me And he knows I'm right Well, he's been telling me Yeah, the ten is gonna be alright Won't find me practicing What I'm preaching Won't find me making no sacrifice But I can get you a pocket full of money A pocket full of miracles If you promise to be good Try to be nice God will take good care of you Which is the two as I say it on good days Well, I'm counting my blessings Cause I found true happiness Cause I'm getting richer Day by day You can find me in the phone book Just to call my toll free number You can do it anyway You won't just do it by the way Don't have any old doubt in your mind You believe everything I'm saying Anyone that can close his hand Get on your middle star, baby Cause Jesus, he knows me And he knows I'm right I've been told into Jesus All my life Oh, yes, he knows me And he knows I'm right Well, he's been telling me Yeah, the ten is gonna be alright Cause Jesus, he knows me And he knows I'm right Oh, yes, he knows me And he knows I'm right I've been told into Jesus All my life And he's been telling me Everything's gonna be alright Jesus, he knows me Jesus, he knows me Jesus, he knows me Jesus, he knows me If you want to get the right number It's okay Aacidule FM 102.8 Creation is more The Cross The River Today The South City and the fog And the orchard's tire Where the seagulls play The South's sad, shy The horses walking home In the sodium light Two priests on a ferry October, geese on a cold Winter's night All this time The river flow Endlessly To the sea Two priests came round Our eyes tonight One young, one old I've oppressed for the dying To serve the final right I want to teach Which way the cold wind blows Fussing and flapping and priestly black Like a murder of prose Meep, meep All this time The river flow Endlessly To the sea If I had my way Take a boat from the river I'd bury the old man I'd bury him at sea Less than I'd have bought For they shall inherit the earth But it's a bit more than me A fat man in the eye of a needle As these words are spoken I swear I hear the old man laughing But good is how you stop whirling How could it be worth having? All this time The river flow Endlessly Like a silent chill All this time The river flow Father of Jesus exists And I call me never-missed Yeah Yeah Yeah Teachers told us A Roman's built this place They built a wall and a temple And a edge of the empire Garreston town They lived and they died They prayed to their gods But the storm gods did not make a sound The empire crumbled All who was left with a stone-star workman found All this time The river flow In the fire of light I was northern sun And if I had my way Take a boat from the river Then go crazy in congregations They only get one by one One by one One by one One by one I looked out across The river to the river I was northern sun And if I had my way Take a boat from the river Five hours, 32 minutes, 30 seconds The young people go by boat The lovers go by boat I want to go Back to that same old place Sweet home in Chicago Come on Baby, don't you want to go Hide and hate Baby, don't you want to go Back to that same old place Sweet home in Chicago Well, what I want is to Six and two is eight Come on baby, don't you want to go Hide and hate Baby, don't you want to go Back to that same old place Sweet home in Chicago Come on Baby, don't you want to go Well, come on Baby, don't you want to go Back to that same old place Sweet home in Chicago Baby, don't you want to go Baby, don't you want to go Hide and hate Baby, don't you want to go Hide and hate Baby, don't you want to go Back to that same old place Sweet home in Chicago Come on Baby, don't you want to go Come on Baby, don't you want to go Back to that same old place My sweet home in Chicago My sweet home in Chicago It's a big 2.8 so we're in Trifony It's better to be in Castile and Ophony Hey Bruce Brothers Sweet home in Chicago You're listening to the only mono electric show in the CD You got it, it's going to be a roundabout Just after that A generic kickball And your good old record How they like it Why are they all the old Rich like the prologue Because they make everyone shit With their little baby Oh yes, you're sure it's an old man Who's going to put us on the second CD Yes, there's someone Madame Pash Don't see those goal d Madame Pash Can you come in a minute It's open It's open It's open Madame Pash It's open Hello Madame Pash I wanted to ask you about your life Jesus is not here No my husband has his last exam Naturalization And I have a world that comes to see the apartment We left at the end of the year We didn't find much They've made an announcement today I just received my order From your old man From your old man I always buy correspondence This kind of article For the basic suits It's great for correspondence To try We're more comfortable at home Why do I ask you Why are they all the old men Why are they all the old men Rich like the prologues Because they make everyone shit With their little baby I don't know Cause all she does It throws it back to me I spend a lifetime Looking for someone I'll try to understand me Just simply do The things I say There is a feeling Give it when I want it When I want it Sign of fire Quests my desire Give it when I want it Try to be one with me Give it to me Give it to me You always knew just how To make me cry And when the day I asked you It's just why It seems you get Your kiss from a hand in me Don't try to understand me Because your words Just not enough There is a feeling Quests my desire Give it when I want it Take it me higher Cause it's for my I don't want to hear it Give it to me Give it to me You and your friends For laughing at me And down on this Okay And this Okay You won't be laughing Girl when I'm not around Okay And I Got the Piece of my own Don't try to tell me Because your words Just not enough There is a feeling Quests my desire Give it when I want it Take it me higher Try to be one with me There is a feeling Give it to me Give it to me Give it to me Oh, the love is a feeling I don't want to hear it Quests my desire Give it me higher Get into the preacher Set it up a feeling Give it to me Give it to me Oh I don't want to I don't want to hear it Give it to the fire Try to be one with me Quests my desire I'm like a baby Try to be one with me Quests my desire Try to be one with me Give it to me I'm like a baby Give it to me Give it to me Give it to me Give it to me Oh, the love Give it to me Give it to me Give it to me Give it to me Cause I'm on fire Try to be one with me Quests my desire Give it to the people LEGEND The World Cup in Whitney Houston, in the late afternoon at 18.30 at the Geneva Olympics. There will be the semi-final of the playoffs for the final round of the League Nationals A of the Valleble Feminine. Geneva Elite will be their base. The 18.30 at the Geneva Olympics. The 19.30 at the Geneva Olympics. The 19.30 at the Geneva Olympics. The 19.30 at the Geneva Olympics. The 19.30 at the Geneva Olympics. The 19.30 at the Geneva Olympics. The 19.30 at the Geneva Olympics. The 19.30 at the Geneva Olympics. The只有 La Gr leveling We Materla No one really wants to see Some of us don't even run down Some of us don't even care Couldn't we just help each other Isn't there enough to share? There's got to be a way To connect this world today Come together to relieve the pain There's got to be a way There's got to be a way To unite this human race And together we'll bring on a change In another land they still believe Colorful supremacy I don't understand how there can be Regulated bigotry Some of us don't even wonder Some of us don't even care Couldn't we just help each other Can't we make ourselves away? There's got to be a way To connect this world today Come together to relieve the pain There's got to be a way To unite this human race And together we'll bring on a change And maybe if there's no future We'll be on time With our own destitution and sorrow And the hungry children won't have to die Oh, if we work together We'll save tomorrow Yeah Hey Oh, yeah Oh, oh Some of us don't even wonder Some of us don't even care Couldn't we just love each other Isn't there enough to change? Hey Yeah Mm-hmm Mm-hmm Oh, together to relieve the pain Yeah There's got to be a way Oh, yeah And together we'll bring on a change Every day There's got to be a way To connect this world today Yeah There's got to be a way Yeah Yeah