 This is Radio Acidule. And this is Steely Dan. Steely Dan from their first big hit from their first album. Their album Can't Buy a Thrill. That was Do It Again, which reached number six on the American charts in 1972, the year that it came out. Good evening everybody. This is Dr. Pithy here with Dr. Pithy's Corner on a wet, wet Monday night. Hello you all out there. Let's see who do we begin with. Hello, Aliette. I hope you're still hearing me. I hope your radio hasn't shifted to a second gear and gone into another radio station the way it seems to sometimes. And good night to Lisa and Ernesto if you're listening to me out there. Hello. Hello, Goodrin. I understand Goodrin has picked me up. Well, I'd like to say hello to dear Goodrin and everybody else out there. I wonder if Stefan is listening. We're here for an evening of none other than Steely Dan. Some of my favorite music from the first half of the 1970s. The 1970s. What kind of a period of that was that for music? A terrible period I think. Most of the music of the 1970s was no good on the heels of all of that great rock and roll of the 1960s. The 1950s at this point are nostalgia. We love the 1950s. The 1960s are now acceptable, but for most people still the 1970s is kind of a dull, dull period that started out beautifully with Crosby Still's Nash and Young. And then it went into the Eagle, Duby's Synthepunk rock that just didn't ever get anywhere. And in some ways Steely Dan epitomizes what was wrong with that period. Steely Dan is not a performing band. Steely Dan was a studio band. They were a studio concept and basically two musicians that we will get, whose story we will get to a little bit later. But let's go on with a little more Steely Dan from this solo album, Can't Buy a Thrill from 1972. This is a song that's probably better known than the last one, although it only reached number 11 on the Billboard charts. It's called Reelin in the Years. Let's move on to 1973. My Old School. That's My Old School from Steely Dan's second disc. Countdown to Ecstasy, which is kind of a misnomer. It was a commercial failure, but not due to the reasons that most second discs are failures by groups. Its failure was not because of faltering music, inability to continue, but because they did what they intended to do a little too well. It was for most people in the early 1970s who were on the heels of Woodstock, really. This music was a little bit too well produced. The solos went on a little bit too long, and this second album only made it to number 35 on the American charts. My Old School was its second biggest hit that got all the way to number 63 on the charts. Let's hear another song off of this called Bodhichatva. Bodhichatva from the 1973 release Countdown to Ecstasy. That's fantastic music. I wish that more groups today could do songs like that, actually, really. But you can see that in the early 1970s, that was a little too much for all of these burned out hippies who were still living at least in their dreams, in the hashish smoke around their heads, the dream days of the 1960s. As I said, Steely Dan is really two people. It's Donald Fagan who plays keyboards and sings, and Walter Becker who plays bass and does vocals. The two of them met in 1967 at a New York State college called Bard's College, a rich upstate place that they themselves admit was kind of a beatnik college. It's right across the river from Woodstock. The rumor had it that Bob Dylan used to go visit girls there. After one of them graduated and the other didn't, they moved to New York together and tried writing songs, did a soundtrack for a bad movie. In 1969, they answered an ad in the Village Voice, Musicians ad, that said, must, looking for musicians that must have jazz chops. And they, through that, they met a guitarist named Denny Diaz who had a rehearsal room in his house over in New Jersey, and they joined his band. And eventually Fagan and Becker took over, kicked most of the other musicians out. And about that time, they started doing a tour with Jay and the Americans of all people. Nothing really big, sleazy clubs, few road gigs with that famous group. And through Jay and the Americans, they met the producer Gary Katz, who was the ex partner of the great producer Richard Perry. Katz joined ABC Dunhill Records in November 1971, and in his contract he insisted that Fagan and Becker be taken on as staff writers. And this was just on the heels of their first quote, success, unquote, I say that because it wasn't much of a success. Barbara Streisand recorded their song, I Mean to Shine, which happened to be produced by Richard Perry. It was through that connection that Katz was able to get them into Dunhill Records. As staff writers, well, within six months, Katz had had them produce their debut disc that we heard a couple of songs from already. And the second disc in the next year was really, in some ways, a failure. It's poor sales, as I said, were really due to it being a little too esoteric for the early 1970s. Didn't do very well, but not for the usual reason that second records don't work. It was really too good. I mean, that's a, this is not a bad record at all. With that in mind, let's hear one more cutoff of Countdown to Ecstasy, Steely Dance Big Failure, called Show Biz Kids. So that second album was a failure. It's poor sales were an excuse for purists to attack the studio band sound of it. Yet it still had the magic the group is famous for. It still fit the pattern, which was when it was new, it never revealed exactly where it was going. Many bands would have given up at that point, or many bands would have changed the style, but not Steely Dance. They persevered. They stayed with that style. And, in fact, their next album, Pretzel Logic in 1974, blew everybody away. It did what the others somehow didn't quite manage to do. And the big, the big song on that album reached all the way up to number four on the Billboard charts. That song was Ricky Don't Lose That Number. The American critic Ken Tucker explained well this early crossroads period for Steely Dan. What he said was, from these first two records, it sounded as if Steely Dan would drift into a career of frippery, pursuing their non-secretors in circles. But then abruptly and without unprecedented assurance, the band came clean on Pretzel Logic, this 1974 disc that Ricky Don't Lose That Number appeared on. Let's listen to the title track from Pretzel Logic, 1974, Pretzel Logic. Their next disc is Katie Live, and it is a different kind of album for them. This is Black Friday. By the time this fourth disc came around, the long-buried rumors of internal problems had surfaced, and the bass player and the drummer had quit. And so this album, Katie Lied, really was the essential type of organization that Steely Dan was to remain. It was Fagan and Brecker, the two main people, surrounded by session men, none less than five guitars, two bass players, two keyboard players, and then some very important horn people. And so we hear this really good sound with a definite type of music, completely Fagan and Brecker's, I think what one of them said once was that, well, I can't start a song and the other one can't finish a song, so together we do really well, and they do. These are good songs. Let's hear another song off of Katie Lied. This one's called Black Sneakers. Bad Sneakers, excuse me, it's Black Friday and Bad Sneakers. By the way, Black Friday was another top 40 hit for them, reaching all the way up to 37 on the Billboard charts. Let's go on with Bad Sneakers. That's Bad Sneakers from this 1975 album, Katie Lied, which was the true session album of Steely Dan. Some of the session musicians who played on this were Hugh McCracken, Larry Carlton, Michael Omeritan, David Patch, Hal Blaine, Rick Derringer, and many others. And in fact, the last thing that I want to play tonight off of this 1975 album, and by the way, by 1975, the musical public was willing to accept these intelligent lyrics, this kind of esoteric jazz recordings that they did in this music. And so Steely Dan started to take off by 1975 by this fourth album. And on this particular cut that I want to play, it has Phil Woods playing a really nice alto sax solo. So I'm going to finish tonight with Dr. Wu, another song from this 1975 Steely Dan album. And next week, Dr. Pitti is going to finish the Steely Dan story with some really great music. I have to say one other thing about Steely Dan. In the first half of the 1970s, I was playing top 40 music in the San Francisco Bay Area, not in very good bands necessarily, but working bands. And we had a lot of fun. And Steely Dan's top 40 hits were always in our repertoire. So Steely Dan has a very special place in my heart. So I want to thank you for joining Dr. Pitti tonight. I want to say be sure to stop in next week and listen to us. Listen to me. I won't use that first person plural. Listen to me, will you please? Good night everybody. And take it easy this week and we'll get on with Steely Dan next week. But right now let's finish with Dr. Wu from Katie Lied.