 that British music had lost its charm. How long I wonder could this thing last? But the age of miracles hadn't passed for suddenly. I saw you there. And in foggy London town the sun was shining everywhere. A foggy day in London town had me low. And it had me down for suddenly. I saw you standing right there. And in foggy London town the sun was shining everywhere. Everywhere, everywhere, everywhere. Back with Louis Primadon's BBOP and the Swing. We're with Lickny, we're still here. For a few minutes, ladies and gentlemen, on the 102.8 of the Bande FM, I'll never stop saying it. Is there an age to start the wonderful clone profession? There's no age to start. I must say it's one of the hardest jobs in the circus. Making people laugh isn't as easy as you think. You just have to put a red nose and make some cascades. You need a lot of feeling and a lot of sense for the mood. Do you have a master in the cloning field? I have one, it's Groc. I always found Groc when he was lying. It's a great thing for you. Of course it's Groc. He never worked at a circus, but my parents knew him very well because he had his circus to him. And he did the whole second part in his circus. How old were you? I was 5 years old. In Switzerland? Yes, with his own circus. I think his employer in 1954 did the tour in Switzerland. He had his own circus, so how did it happen? The Groc circus, but it wasn't his circus. It was an organization that put the capital in its place. But he gave the name to it. It was the Groc circus that did tours in Europe. I think it was in the year of the year that he did the tour in Switzerland. Mr. Kringer, we can talk about the circus. I'm passionate to have you next to me. I learn things I dream of. I'm a little boy. It's really magical. The circus will always exist. Or do you think that one day the circus will disappear? Do you think that it's possible? With electronics, video, cinema, they have to be a little bit of a pain? No, I don't think that the circus will disappear. Because it's the children who support the circus. So the children have to disappear too? I think that... You didn't feel that 10 years ago, in 1991, that the circus loses its clientele or it takes back its stable? Well, it can be a little less public, a little more, but it works well. Yes, and you shouldn't forget, there are some years that are 15, 20 years ago, we had only 5 circuses in Switzerland. Today we have 15. So it's the proof... Franco said 17. Yes, it's possible. 17 if we count all the companies that call the circus, but it proves that the circus is very lively, that in Switzerland, in any case, the circus is very popular. So we can't talk about a crisis in the circus sector. I think. There's a little question that I would like to ask you, Franco. How does it happen to eat the employees? How do they do it? Is there a cook who takes care of making everyone eat? Yes, we have a kitchen with two cooks, it's a Moroccan and a Swiss, and they cook about 100 people. So it's once couscous, once raclette... It's not, it happens. Franco, do foreigners, Moroccans, eat cheese, they eat... I don't know if they eat potato or something, they eat Swiss cuisine? Yes, they eat Swiss cuisine, the only problem is that Moroccans don't eat pork, and no alcohol, especially in sauces, and all that. It's positive, I think. It's the only thing they don't eat, but otherwise they also eat Swiss cuisine. And Moroccan cuisine, we also took it for confidence to the Moroccans, that they really don't eat pork, and that there is no alcohol in sauces. We forgot to talk about it, we'll take advantage of it, we have a few seconds left. Thank you for all the time you've spent with us. The little ones, the little ones, they're never big, obviously, what's their name? This one is called L'Hitleferri. Yes, he's been there for years. Yes, he's now 21 years old. Yes, I remember when I was a kid, when you were still in Milan, it was the 60s. But they all look alike, and you say, I remember, there were already 50 people there, it's not the same. How many children did you have? Since I was a kid, we always had children. So you're talking about the little ferries? Is he Swiss? No, he's German. So it's possible that we say, I remember, that he was 10, 15, 20 years old. It was him, always. And this year, he has a number in the circus? Yes, he works in the opening, and we have a typical circus table with all the figures of the circus of the Salton Bank, and he's also in this opening. Franco, we'll have hours to go with you. I think we'll never go around the circus. We may still recall the dates, Franco, since you have them in mind. So the circus is in Lausanne until... September 9th. October 9th. And then... We'll go to VV until Sunday, and then we'll go to the valley. See you. It really came true. It really came true... It really came to, therefore I think it's ago. In France, the circus is an ability to keys caught on the streets and promote songs rich in Mathos genres. And it's an ability to bring a wave to where you don't go. What was the scientist that Claude Nicollet received the message? Well, she calls me at 20511 and I would be very happy and satisfied to know that she received the little hello I sent her. Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet Music by Claude Nicollet