 I know my hands are dirty, my eyes don't know if they're to stay alive You got me close, close my eyes, is it tomorrow or just the end of time? I know my hands are dirty, my eyes don't know if they're to stay alive You got me close, close my eyes, is it tomorrow or just the end of time? The End Poo Lays was in 1968 with singer and guitarist Jimi Hendrix. I want to give you a different style of guitar. This time, a blues guitar is the big one. It's the BB King. With a particularity, he's accompanied by the cruisers, the jazz cruisers. Mr. Joe Samman. BB King, Joe Samman. We knew we were going to mess it up like we're going to do it tonight. Also Will Jennings. Now, if I may, I've got a second. This one we titled, I Just Can't Leave Your Love Alone. Now you might feel like singing to yours, and if you do, this is the way we do it. I Just Can't Leave Your Love Alone. Now I've got a chorus. You let me down, all over town. I guess but now I should be gone. But yet here I stand, still in your hands. Because you're the best I've ever known. I try and try, and say goodbye. I just can't leave your love alone. What's happening to you? What will I do? I just can't leave your love alone. I just can't leave your love alone. I just can't leave your love alone. I just can't leave your love alone. Play one for me. You got to put the snap in there. Now get ready. Right here. Alright, good enough. Let's hear the boss a little bit over there. With the participation of the jazz crusaders, not Joe Simons, who is a singer of Rhythm & Blues, but Joe Sambles, and Stig Soper, who was part of the jazz crusaders, the guitarist was Baby King. I want to accompany you with this talented guitarist, Baby King. Here are some songs that I have never seen in my show on Monday afternoon, the age of a man, Baby King, on the jazz crusaders. When I was caught man, I met night flight, thought no love would make everything alright. But the man on set, you know the way, and left me full of you. Feel the pain, it's too bad, baby. Baby, you might have made your move too soon. She left me with a keen old car, life in Vegas, show ain't hard. Reared it after a bottle, missed a grand, cashed it in and held it in my hand. That's how I knew what you know, can't get around, call the boss now. The kind of phone I hear knocking, baby, at the door. But you know you ain't living here no more, it's too bad. Baby, you might have made your move too soon. Baby, you know the way, baby. Baby, you might have made your move too soon. Baby, you might have made your move too soon. Baby, you might have made your move too soon. Baby, you know the way, baby. Baby, you know the way Baby, you know the way Baby, you know the way Baby, you know, the way Baby, you know, the way Baby, you know, the way Baby, you know the way Baby, you know, the way Baby, you know the way Baby, you know the way Baby, you know the way The Crusaders, Mr. Chelsea James, the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, Mr. Sear Carrick. Thank you, we have loved our stay here in London. Thank you very much. The Crusaders, the Jazz Crusaders are accompanied by BB King. Alright, for the guitar. Jimmy and Rickson. Night of Mouses, now a girl is a speed I drive. You tell me it's alright, you don't mind a little pain. You say you just want me to take you for a drive. You're just a, say, when you get through, I need to run over you. I'm trying to do a slow-down, and I'm trying to get on the other side of town. I'm not the only soul, accused of hit and run. Tire tracks all across your back. I can see you had your fun, but a darling can't you see my signals turn green to red. And with you, I can see a traffic jam straight up ahead. You're just what. So hard to get through to you. I'm trying to get on over you. I'm trying to do a slow-down, and I'm trying to get on the other side of town. Oh, oh, oh. Yeah, you got it. Crossed out. Yeah, you got it. You got it. I'm gonna have you. Crossed out. Yeah, you got it. Crossed out. Yeah, you got it. You got it. You got it. Crossed out. Yeah. Crossed out. Yeah. Joe Cocker, Accompanied with the Crusaders. It's not all that I wanted to put. We're gonna listen to another piece by Jimmy Hendrix, and I'm gonna play it with Joe Cocker, Accompanied by the Jazz Crusaders in a few seconds. It was another piece that I had prepared with Nino Ferrer, that you'll listen to in a few moments. Jimmy Hendrix on the guitar is from the psychedelic pop music. He's a black guitarist who invented the pedal wah wah system. A guitar guitar wah wah wah wah in Jimmy Hendrix. An excellent guitarist like everyone else knows him. I can't get no relief. Business man there, drink my wine. Plowman, dig my earth. None will level on the mine. Nobody out there is worth it. No reason to get excited. The beat be kind as gold. There are many here among us. Who feel that life is but a joke. But you and I will be through that. But you and I will be through that. And this is not our fate. So let us not talk about it now. But I was kidding, baby. Pedal wah wah. With the guitar of Jimmy Hendrix, a little hello to the Montaigne shop who is listening to us from the Art N° 4. We are here in the city of Montaigne, where we can see the world of music. We are here to see the world of music. We are here to see the world of music. We are here to see the world of music. We are here to see the world of music. We are listening to the Art N° 25. Hello Patricia. To all the clients of the shop. We have to listen to the music. We have to buy a coat, a second hand, so that the music is original. Music The Long Watchtowers. Jimmy Hendrix in 1968. He invented this pedal system. With the distortion of a pedal being placed on the foot. And by doing so, the pedal was pushed with the foot. It gave this distortion that you heard in this song. This system of wah wah wah. It was Jimmy Hendrix. I leave you with the Couselhurst group. Jazz Couselhurst and the super voice. Here is a song that you have never heard of. Music There were times I remember Had to fight Just to hold my head up Those times when even my friends Tried to make a fool of me There were things in my heart that I could not see Some said I was hopeless My tango Illuminati Strong hearts just keep going That is why I'm still standing here today Come together Raise up your voices This doubt in my song of love and life Won't go away I'll sing forever Here in the sunshine I've lived to see the sun break through the storm I'm so glad I'm standing here today Music If you're lost In your troubles Then the world Just seems to forgive you If you remember the sunshine Even on your darkest day Just follow what your heart says And you'll find the way Some said I was hopeless My tango Illuminati Strong hearts just keep going That is why I'm still standing here today Come together Raise up your voices This doubt in my song of love and life Won't go away I'll sing forever Here in the sunshine I've lived to see the sun break through the storm I'm so glad I'm standing here today Music Music Come together Raise up your voices This doubt in my song of love Won't go away I'll sing forever Here in the sunshine I've lived to see the sun break through the storm I'm so glad I'm standing here today I'm so... I've lived to see the sun break through the storm I'm so glad I'm standing here today Good Fine And beautiful Sticks Harbor, Joe Samples and Wilton Felder The Crusader band accompanied with a violent sequence The song by Joe Crocker I'm so glad he's standing here today How do we listen to the radio? How did we listen to the radio during the 1960s? Well, got to school. Yes, which one? And which stage you at, O-Levels? I'm at 9.48. 14, so a couple of years to go before O-Levels. And what are you going to do when you've left? Uh, do they really? They're not sure, yeah. Do they really? Do they really? Do they really? Do they really? Do they really? The Blues Antibougeois Here's a good show. Ninau Verre, jazz and blues. Ninau Verre, listen to that. I don't want to work I don't like the things I've paid I want girls and girls And money Beautiful costumes and good weather Sleep the day, run the night Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah That's my life I'm the bourgeois It makes me freeze With their fricks And their reading They don't like my hair in the neck I don't care about men I don't like girls and their whiskey Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah That's my life And a girl who likes me I send her That she likes it or that she doesn't And if she doesn't want it, I make her a big head When you have her, Jul, it's not her party If she's too strong, I have my friends That's my life Oh, yeah I'm the bourgeois The bourgeois blues They didn't sing in the Nino-Ferrer They were playing the Nanna of the Sebram And the whiskey I don't know if in 1991, we could do that With the Sida, it's not necessarily a good thing Even Brigitte Bardot was sending her with who she wanted I'm sending her to who I like I'm sending her to who I like But it's never the same I'm the one who never had it I'm the first to have it I had only one love The one who played a dirty trick on me I don't want to play anymore I'll finish Romeo and Juliet I always put a rank The number of the hangar Where I put my poems My love and my poems I put them all in the same tacho And don't push the same case It breaks the heart and the mind And I find it very good If you walk one day in my street Maybe I'll put you in the view My piano will be on the court You'll hear my song of love And like it's nothing when it passes You'll be my soul mate You'll have the best of me Because I only sing what I like I sing it to who I like But it's never the same But what? You have to have lived it No, I think it's not that easy What? A song signed Serge Gainsbourg It was the singer and actress of Cinema That you recognized, it was Baby Ike Antina Turner My love has grown And it gets stronger In every way And it gets deeper Let me sing Let it get higher Save my life And do my love in my own heart Yeah, give a deal I'll have a deal I'll have you like rock Oh, I'll have you baby Baby baby baby When you were a young boy Did you have a puppy? That always followed you around Well, I'm full of the escapade Full of that puppy No, I'll never let you down Cause it goes on and on I'm a river flow And it gets deeper baby And heaven knows And it gets deeper baby As it grows And do my love in my own heart Yeah, give a deal I'll have a deal I'll have you like rock Oh, I'll have you baby Baby baby I love you baby like a flower Love to spring And I love you baby Like a robin love to sing And I love you baby like a Schoolboy loves to spare And I love you baby river deep Mountain high Baby baby Baby baby I love you my one Yeah, give a deal I'll have a deal I'll have you like rock Oh, I'll have you baby baby baby baby We got married in a fever Hotter than a pepper sprout We've been talking about Jackson Ever since the fire went out I'm going to Jackson I'm gonna mess around I'm gonna mess around I'm gonna mess around I'm gonna mess around I'm gonna mess around I'm gonna mess around Yeah, I'm going to Jackson Look out Jackson town We'll go on down to Jackson Go ahead and wreck your health Go play your hand You're big talking man Make a big fool of yourself Yeah, yeah, go to Jackson But go comb that hair I'm gonna snowball Jackson Go ahead and see if I care When I breeze into that city A people gonna stoop and bow All them women gonna make me Teach them what they don't know how I'm going to Jackson You turn a loose of my coat Cause I'm going to Jackson Goodbye, that's all she wrote They laugh at you and Jackson I doubt it And I'll be dancing on a pony keg They'll lead you round that town Like I scalded out with your damn tuck Train your legs, yeah, yeah, yeah Go to Jackson, you big talking man And I'll be waiting there in Jackson Behind my j-pan plan We got married in a fever Hotter than a pepper sprout We've been talking about Jackson Ever since the fire went out Go to Jackson And that's a natural fact We're going to Jackson Jackson ain't ever coming back Jackson, no, not Michael Jackson No, but Jackson Dooku, it was the title of this song We can't hear it anymore I've been there for over 50 years But a little more Frank Sinatra's life, 96 years old Sinatra had a crazy success in the 1960s I leave you with Mick DeVille It's an arrangement in 1977 With a cadillac tour Cadillac work Oh, I love this song I'm in 1977 We're in 1991 Soon in 1992 Cadillac work It's called a rose Time to honor the pie Dead memories inside Makes us young blood wise My baby's gone The Cadillac work The Cadillac work The Cadillac work Yeah, she got the Cadillac work Guitar The Cadillac work The Cadillac work She got the Cadillac work She got the Cadillac work Don't be late at night I'm gonna hear my call She said, boy I won't make you cry We love you Excellent So, live on the waves Mr. François Chablot, how are you? Good, thanks Stay tuned, there's gonna be good music like this until 5pm I wanted to say hello Thanks, I'm in a rush Stay on the phone I'll take you to the show The Cadillac work My baby's gone The Cadillac work She got the Cadillac work The Cadillac work She got the Cadillac work Cadillac work Oh she's going out She got the Cadillac work She got the Cadillac work She got the Cadillac work And she's got the Cadillac work 1977, it was Mike Deville I propose Franck Sinatra and Nancy Sinatra Duet, voici Something Stupid Oh, slow, you may have danced But you can even dance this afternoon You dare, you dare, yes, yes, yes I love you I know I stand in line until you think you have the time to spend an evening with me And if we go some place to dance, I know that there's a chance you won't be leaving with me And afterwards we drop into a quiet little place and have a drink or two And then I go and spoil it all by saying something stupid like I love you I can see it in your eyes that you despise the same old lies you were the night before And though it's just a line to you, for me it's true and never seems all right before I practice every day to find some clever lines to say to make the meaning come true But then I think I'll wait until the evening gets late and I'm alone with you The time is right, your perfume fills my head, the stars get red and oh, the night's so blue And then I go and spoil it all by saying something stupid like I love you The time is right, your perfume fills my head, the stars get red and oh, the night's so blue And then I go and spoil it all by saying something stupid like I love you I love you I love you Salambo with you I got to shake you down in need for Well, I promise you, it's your time for Taking all over Just the way that you said goodnight to me Bring that feeling all inside to me When was down to backbone I got to shake you down in need for Well, I promise you, it's your time for Taking all over Excuse me, yes, I know we don't have to cut a piece like that, especially a good piece like that But I'll still announce you and have a good day at the Olyday O'Nice office I'm calling it that Olyday O'Nice is almost complete, it's from Wednesday 13th to Sunday 17th But on November 17th, from 8pm, there are still free seats Other than that, every day is complete, the show is still open at 8pm Hello to the whole family at the Olyday O'Nice office What's up this afternoon, I forgot them The guitar just starts to warm up I'm afraid to live low While the flame is strong Cause we may not be the young ones very long Tomorrow While we're in the top tomorrow Cause tomorrow Sometimes never comes So love me There's a song to be sung And the best time is to sing it while we're young Once in every lifetime Comes a love like this Oh, I need you, you need me Oh my daughter, can't you see Our dreams should be dreamed together And the young hearts should be afraid And someday when the years have flown Darling, then you teach the young ones how to fall Once in every lifetime Comes a love like this Oh, I need you, you need me Oh my darling, can't you see Our dreams should be dreams together And the young hearts should be afraid And someday when the years have flown Darling, then you teach the young ones how to fall A song named Shakin' Over from the 60s with Andriano Cilendano Pain of old tonight Well, I found me a baby not a one-bill hey Rude showroom from a hair-in-a-ay Chained on down by the so-cho-ho And just out of the door, been out of life before I'm gonna rip it up I'm gonna shave it up I'm gonna rip it up I'm gonna shave it up I'm gonna shave it up Pain of old tonight Music Home by the chain, I'm a fly up high One gold dollar when the hole first caught And I know Karen's playing my dope all down I'm gonna beat one, never start a boner rate I thought I'm gonna rip it up I'm gonna shave it up I'm gonna rip it up I'm gonna shave it up I'm gonna rip it up Pain of old tonight Well, you said it's a nine-man-hacker's got a day Boom boy, don't you run and say I won't just go go while I'm a child Said it's a nine-man-hacker, I'm a feel-a-file I'm gonna rip it up I'm gonna shave it up I'm gonna rip it up I'm gonna shave it up I'm gonna shave it up Pain of old tonight Music Ribbit up It was a great sound, we don't care The sound of the 1960s It deserves what it deserves With a song like this one, Ribbit up It was Andriano Cialentano It's a song by Ritman Blues But the title is still Rock Rock Rock Study Tari, Arreta Franklin Music Hey! Music Rock study baby That's what I feel now Music That's all the song and I care what it is Music That's to move your hips With a feeling from side to side Music That's all in your car and take a ride And while you're moving Rock study Rock study baby Let's all this song exactly What it is What it is With a funky and lulled-up feeling With the hips from the left to right What it is, I might be doing With something that's all night Music Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study Music Stop and move your hips With a feeling from side to side Music Put yourself down in your car And take a ride While you're moving Rock study Rock study Let's call this night What it is What it is What it is What it is What it is What it is What it is What it is What it is What it is Rock study baby Rock study Rock study Music Music Music Music Music Rock study Rock study What it is With a funky and lulled-up feeling With the hips from the left to right What it is, I might be doing With something that's all night Music Rock study The scary thing Rock study Rock study Read it Rock study Once again, I have to talk about music. I'm sorry, it's not good, but there are a lot of people who call me. And there are people I have to say hello to. I'm going to go quickly. Patrice, you are listening to me. I wanted to say hello to you. You're looking for a D-D-A-R-E-T-A-R-F-R-N-G. I'll try to find it on your next Monday. Patrice, listen to me and stay on the listen. Patrice, what do you think? Bodybuilding, that's it, muscle. Next time you'll give me the address, I'll talk about your little shop. I'm going, I'm going, I'm going, I'm going to get a tattoo. Ha ha ha ha! Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study It was the title. Rock study, what does it mean? But in any case, the sound was totally in control. I agree with you. But it was from the old, old, old, old, from the 1960s. From the 1960s with Andrea Montchelenta. No! We also danced the jerk during the 60s. Good jerk, what's in the capital? 66. Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study Rock study