 Madame, Madame, monsieur, you may excuse my ecicée, mon cicée clone. 14 hours and a few more minutes to listen to the first two of the radio, which I named Radio Asidule, your regional radio, Lauren Zibunman. Hello. Hello Marc, the great shape, what do I have to say? Yes, there is still some people to greet, I think. And... well hello my little Margote. Here, as we did earlier. Holy Pollux! Holy afternoons, Holy Saturday afternoons, like every Saturday afternoons, between 14.30 and 17.30. No, no, it's not a crime, it's nothing, it's a f**king joke, I'll sit down right away. Holy Saturday afternoons, 14.30, 17.30, it's... We are here... At the club! And from 16 hours too high... 16 hours! 16 hours! Marc! At 16 hours too high, Zibran! At 16 hours! Zibran! Zibran! Zibran! Three. What time is it? Sports flashes this afternoon. Oh, you're not? 14.45. And why not? Oh, maybe after 7.43. Yeah, it's getting a little tight, 15.15. We'll give you a little hint about the coup d'etat game, it's a very sudden one, but it's not quite the case yet. Forge is with his friend Lecomte, facing the two high-level fans. There's only Lassek and Marc Rosset. You're crazy! Yeah! You know Starship? I'm not saying anything, go ahead. You're a good heart, so listen to this. Good horks! It's good! Good afternoon! Yes. Well, yes. Well, yes, why not? No problem. With Marc and Loro! When the darkness makes it so hard to see Just look up your eyes You will see me, yeah I'll give a good heart To hold you so strong I'll give you my shoulder to lean on Gonna give a good heart That's solid and true And I will always stand by you When it seems no one's there to turn to Everyone's a stranger passing through And all that's left is a broken dream Just hold out your hand Reach out for me, yeah And I'll give a good heart To hold you so strong I'll give you my shoulder to lean on Give a good heart Solid and true I will always stand by you Now there's no need to dance alone If it's as if I'm your home So take my good heart Take my good heart Take my good heart Take my good heart And I'll give a good heart To hold you so strong I'll give you my shoulder to lean on Gonna give a good heart That's solid and true And I will always stand by you I'll give a good heart To hold you so strong I'll give you my shoulder to lean on Gonna give a good heart Lift it up Show you a love to me Give a good heart To hold you so strong I'll give you my shoulder to lean on Gonna give a good heart Solid and true I will always stand by you I'll give a good heart To hold you so strong I'll give you my shoulder to lean on Take my good heart I'll give a good heart Hold your head up We build the city And we'll say good heart I'll give you my shoulder to lean on Saga scratching the surface Watching widely to glimpse the full view Wildly out of the hands on over you You say that you see me Well I see you too I look behind What do you find? All but an empty room Scratching the surface And you can't get away You travel far and so far You have nothing to say Scratching the surface You'd better come up here A new experience to get you there Scratching the surface You'd better come up here Strap to the media I'm ashamed to fear I'll give you my shoulder to lean on Take my good heart Hold your head up We build the city And we'll say good heart Hold your head up We build the city And we'll say good heart Hold your head up We build the city Andaboom We build the city Outside of the tomb So you won't tell me What you've done up to now You're watching me I'm watching you decide Oh, scratching the surface You can't get away You tried so hard And so far You have nothing to say Scratching the surface You'd better come up on air A new experience To get you there Scratching the surface You'd better come up on air Start to the media I'm a change of ear A new experience To get you there Scratching the surface You'd better come up on air Start to the media I'm a change of ear A new experience To get you there Scratching the surface You'd better come up on air Start to the media I'm a change of ear Scratching the surface You'd better come up on air A new experience To get you there Scratching the surface You'd better come up on air Start to the media You'd better come up on air Scratching the surface Scratching the surface Scratching the surface Oh Oh Scratching the surface Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh I just can't get enough And when it rains you're shining down for me And I just can't get enough Just like a rainbow you know you're sent free And I just can't get enough You're like an angel and you give me your love And I just can't seem to get in your fire Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Why won't you be now? Without love Why won't you be now? Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Where would you be now? Oh Oh Oh Gotta be an old with sense in the southern central freight Give an old there running late Without love Where would you be now? Where'd I go? Er Need to be put me as long as you are by my side talk or just said nothing I don't mind your looks never lie I was always on the run finding out what I was looking for and I was always insecure just until I found words often don't come easy I never learn you should be inside of me you'll know my baby and you I'm always patient dragging out what I tried to hide I was always on the run finding out what I was looking for and I was always insecure until I found you you were always on my mind you you're the one I'm living for you you're my everlasting fire you're the one I'm living for you you're the one I'm living for you you're the one I'm living for you the night's always a good friend a glass of wine and the lights down low and you die inside of me me for the love that I've been with her you you you're always on my mind you you're the one I'm living for you you're my everlasting fire you are my more you're my oration always on my mind you you're the one I'm living for you you're my everlasting fire oh oh oh you're always shining star you're always on my mind you you're always shining star you're always shining star oh you scared me my little mabot you were in the moon every time completely in the moon and even in the middle of the night in the speed of the night faster than the speed of night bonnie, Tyler, excellent afternoon to all of you at all, it's 5 o'clock, we're here Claude we're going crazy they're stripping through our faces but we're ready to fly the night will be a cover of a love below they've got the music in our bodies and the radio I really isn't an adult to lose they're going to catch us just the way they do until they catch us through life this is a pretty boy let me show you what you do when you're doing what you've got a more fashion faster than the speed of night faster than the speed of night it's all we ever wanted and all we'll ever need and now it's slipping through our fingers faster than the speed of night faster than the speed of night faster than the speed of night its all we ever wanted and all we'll ever need and now it's slipping through our fingers faster than the speed of night faster than the speed of night faster than the speed of night faster than the speed of night faster than now faster than the speed of night faster than the speed of night let me show you how to drive, we're crazy let me show you how to make me feel so good let me show you how to take me to the edge of the stars and back again you gotta show me how to drive, we're crazy you gotta show me all the things that wanna happen to you we've gotta tell each other everything we always wanted someone to do I don't wanna push around, I don't wanna rush close the road, we're second number, close is not enough but now I'll be out cover of a hundred below we've got the music in our fingers and the radio there really isn't any time to lose we're gonna lose it and be wet until it gets too light you're such a pretty boy let me show you what to do and you'll do it but you've gotta go faster faster than the speed of night faster than the speed of night faster than the speed of night it's all we ever wanted and all we've ever needed now it's super dawning, it's faster than the speed of night faster than the speed of night faster than the speed of night it's all we ever wanted and all we ever needed now, it's super dawning, it's faster than the speed of the speed of the speed of night faster than the speed of night faster than the speed of night faster than the speed of night faster than the speed of night it's all we ever wanted and all we've ever needed now I don't wanna let another man again fly faster than the speed of night faster than the speed of night Oh, I'm dead I made two white balls, I'm dead Hello, madam, it's for the little girl But if you've seen this lazy room there are some who really smell like pigs It's big, the little morning On his sofa, I'm relaxing There are days when it's cooler Where all the cities look like Liverpool The Impermea, the Noclea, the Pole The barbed-up, the taste of a hammer He sees the movie again on the day Not even a man to talk to The eyes in the city, so much so said He listens to John and O, and he imagines The eyes in the city, so much so said He listens to John and O, and he imagines He sees me without illusions The eyes looking at his ceiling There are days when it's cooler Where all the cities look like Liverpool It lights another cigarette And his helmet on his head The heart breaking, but full of hope It's a dream to leave, or to see everything The eyes in the city, so much so said He listens to John and O, and he imagines The eyes in the city, so much so said He listens to John and O, and he imagines The eyes in the city, so much so said He listens to John and O, and he imagines The eyes in the city, so much so said He listens to John and O, and he imagines The eyes in the city, so much so said He listens to John and O, and he imagines The eyes in the city, so much so said 15h15, with some little eternity dust on your 2.8 We find it with great pleasure, it's full of sport with Lauren Ziboneman Yes, if you want to leave It's not full of sport, it's another piece of patsy Yes, so on the CD, whatever you want Lauren Ziboneman, hello, you may have been very drunk on a ball, no? Why would I be drunk on a ball, while you are very drunk, on your own CDs? Yes, but what do you want? It's just the same, I'm not a superhero Yes, they will make you the same Yes, as the sanitary installers say Exactly, the same happiness So, while the international circuit was broken on the court of the Davis' Cup of Nimes, So, what's the game of the circuit in the arena? France led by 2-7 to 0 So, that's the game By 2-0, by 2-0 to 0 There, there, there, 2-1, that's good 2 for France, 1 for Switzerland Yes, who plays? Well, of course, it's Rousseau and La Seque for Switzerland, the count is for R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R deeds reps for France Yes, yes You have larsen because of your helmet, sometimes too strong, it's true, and it's a big deal It seems so La Seque for the Superb service, Roptees, Le A Superb! La Seque, you know it's a difficult name to bring I think we can open a bottle Like other non-family Like the extreme You see, the Swiss result 2-0 for the Swiss for the moment Yes, it was a good news In this new Davis, La Seque beat Butch 63674667 Yes Chompillon was beaten by Rousseque 4646467 Yes, Rousseque played intelligently, you have to get him back But it's not there Don't look Absolutely, Jean-Paul La Seque who just put the fat kick in this beautiful exchange Magnificent He's doing it You're doing your sports flash, you have to watch the TV It's a superb ralenti of La Seque He hits the ball, he's crazy, the ball bounces back, but yes, on the field Which is in... well, you, I'll tell you It's Boulon, it's Boulon Yes, I'm in the same spot Yes, it's Boulon I like Boulon a lot Do you follow the singing manager when you're in the field? I love that, my little Margot My little Margot and Azalea Azalea And the sugar I'm in the sugar, just go go I don't remember that, but I'll find you It was the song, it was the song Yes, I read an interesting article about you You're doing larson with your helmet, it's crazy It's new, it's not for you No, no, certainly It will be better like that This dear bodybuilder who had some little problems these last few years because we accused them of being monsters Rather than being simple sports The bodybuilding at the time was rather done for people to become, well, to get as close to the body as possible perfect statutes, except nowadays, it's not really the case But the Greek statutes weren't that muscular than that No, precisely, but then that currently we prefer a certain monstrosity of iraig to the point that a bodybuilder who has been for 60 years to learn some dubious products had a thing and then arrived while he was at the doctor for some complications the testicles that were broken No, it's true, yes, incredible It's amazing, there you go, two, two Two everywhere, France-Swiss Yes, yes, yes, that's good They have two In their luck, we will continue just as they win the first seven Be careful, and for that, of course, our friend the sex No, forge, who was at the service Here, forge who goes again I almost saw someone who was going to... And forge takes it back, taken by the sex who obviously goes up the mountain But Jacob! No, it's not Jacob, it was Rosé Ah, Sacré Rosé Yes You're going to wash it The mood A brain of the mood never hurts Forge goes again There's something apart from tennis If there's the football cut We didn't go to the match We didn't have the football cut We'll see what I can do for you I can't guarantee you to be able to give everything on a table No, thank you, you'll find something That must be the 260 page 260, approximately You're right Look at the summary, the 205 So, let's see, football cut Servet, engaged, Saturday Alice, page 255 You weren't ready, little rabbit So we're doing a little jump on the side of the disease Oh yes, so it's a stadium It's a football stadium It's also a tour Here it is Cut, 16th of the final Tell us everything So I sold on Tuesday, March 27 Saturday, yesterday Freeboor B Against Young Boys A02 For Young Boys Young Boys is qualified for the 8th of the final Saturday, 28th, today 0-0, no match Between Alice and Servet Are you sure the match has already started? Yes, it has And it's running matches Malay, for the moment 0-1 1-0, for the final While the other matches didn't start Either 2-gun, Old Boys It's at 16, Bern Hegel It's at 17, Bal, St. Gall And tomorrow, Sunday, Berlin Zone Against Lugan, or 14-30 The other matches at 14-30 Badon vs Aro, Eschafouz Against GC Who is it? GC GC, what is it? GC, it's Grassoppre That's it From... GC GC GC You too Yes, I'm going to play I think we can... It's the music of the manager OK, would you say that? Yes, let's go Let's go for a little bit It's the new music It's the new music I like the old one I'm going to find it Find it, do it Continue What do you want me to tell you? The big plan The inspiration will play you in the 16th final of the Swiss Cup I don't know anything I think it's... Can we open a bottle? ...in the middle, it's a mistake Oh well, I think so It's going to be nice While the four protagonists of this Superdouble are getting back together Yes, there are always two at the same time There are always two at the same time Attention, the reset is going to be useful Let's look at this point Yes, let's look at this point Let's look at this point Let's look at this point Attention Look at the camera The reset is going to be useful It's going to be a mistake And good, service Attention, taken by... Exactly taken by the account that he sent in the fillet It's to believe that we can open the bottle There are three for France I'm going to sign the sign That's what we have Good, reset, get out But in the fillet this time he even loses the fillet It's going to be a mistake The talk we're going to talk about the fillet We're going to talk about something else All these applause that you deserve Alex Crémon, we're not on the field No I can't see him Yes, yes, it's the manacascar He's the one behind With the briquette Yes, it's him I think it's a slow but he's wrong No, but you know, he's a little bit of a pain Yes, it's not his fault This song characterizes us well Absolutely Completely gag Yes, completely Ready, gag To be crazy Do you always reset? No, it's over It's over He finished with the fillet Yes, the fillet Yes, I can't repair it The fillet is the queen of the chords Ah, ha, ha Cool You made a man You made a trap You made him speak Like me to lie So don't become Some background noise A background hall The girls and boys Who just don't know Or just don't care And just complain When you're not there And you turn You hand the car You get to head You find a star Radio Radio All we hear is Radio gaga Radio goo goo Radio gaga All we hear is Radio gaga Radio baba Radio wants to you Radio Someone still loves you We watch the shows We watch the stars All we hear is All ours and ours We have any To use our roots Our music Changes through the years Let's hope you'll never Leave old friends Like all good things On you we defend So stick around Cause we might miss you When we grow tired Of all this visual You had your time Had the pride You get to head You find a star Radio All we hear is Radio gaga Radio goo goo Radio gaga All we hear is Radio gaga Radio goo goo Radio gaga All we hear is Radio gaga Radio goo goo Radio gaga All we hear is Radio gaga Radio baba Radio wants to you Radio Someone still loves you Love you Love You Hello What would I have to do to get you? To get you, to notice me too. Do I stand in line? One of a million admiring eyes. Walk a time far way up high. Write your name, rose to sky. I'm going crazy just to let you know. You can feel me so much. I love you so baby. When I get my hands on you, I won't let go. This time I know it's for real. Should I write or call your home? Shout it out with a megaphone. Radio, TV news. Got to find a way to get the message to you. Say I love you with my neon sign. Anything should make you mine. I'm going crazy just to let you know. Even if it's too long for you, I might as well. I've been around a long enough to know. This time I know it's for real. Oh baby. This time. This time. I'm going crazy just to let you know. This time. Oh baby. This time. Oh baby. Walk a time, go way up high. Write your name, rose to sky. I'm going crazy just to let you know. You can feel me so much. I love you so baby. When I get my hands on you, I won't let go. This time. Oh baby. I'm going crazy just to let you know. Even if it's too long for you, I might as well. I've been around a long enough to know. This time. I know it's for real. Oh baby. A radio as good as that, there's only one. And it's so loud. Randy Newman, short people. Excellent, the afternoon's start. See you soon, everyone. Short people got no reason. Short people got no reason to live. They got little hands, little eyes. They walk around telling great big lies. They got little noses, tiny little teeth. They're well, platform shoes on their master little feet. Well I don't want no short people. Don't want no short people. Don't want no short people around you. Short people are just the same as you and I. A fool such as I. All men are brothers until the day they die. It's a wonderful world. Short people got nobody. Short people got nobody. Short people got nobody to love. They got no baby legs, they stand so low. You got to pick them up just to say hello. They got little crawls, they go beep beep beep. They got little voices going beep beep beep. They got rabbit little fingers. They're gonna get you every time. Well I don't want no short people. Don't want no short people. Don't want no short people around you. I got a little rabbit. What's wrong with you? Look at my basketball. I see. 825 kilos, 450 grams. I've got 50 grams. I've got 50 grams. I've got 50 grams. On the road, travelling with my bin I was so exhausted from one nice dance. I caught your smile and yet you made some heat. Well I like your style. It was strong but sweet. I fell for you right then and then I didn't care who knew. I followed you everywhere. Give me, give me, give me all night long. Give me, give me, give me keep playing that love song, that love song. Give me, give me, give me all night long. Give me, give me, give me keep playing that love song. When we met I had been alone and I was more than ready to live on my own. Then your song touched me deep inside until you came along. I was unsatisfied. I fell for you right then and then I didn't care who knew. I followed you everywhere. Give me, give me, give me all night long. Give me, give me, give me keep playing that love song, that love song. Give me, give me, give me all night long. Give me, give me, give me keep playing that love song. Give me, give me, give me keep playing that love song. Give me, give me, give me keep playing that love song. Hey, yeah, yeah, I fell for you right then and then I didn't care who knew. I followed you everywhere. Give me, give me, give me keep playing that love song. Give me, give me, keep playing that love song. Give me, give me, give me all night long. Keep playing that love song, that love song. Give me, give me, give me all night long. Give me, give me, keep playing that love song. Narada Michael Walden, a very very big producer who for once has made a pleasure and has made a pretty little galette, once, which is called The Nature of Things. We expressed it was Gimmie, Gimmie, Gimmie, three times in the text. All night long. Give me, give me, give me, give me all night long. Give me, give me, give me, just after Gimmie, Gimmie, Gimmie, in return. Etee, eatee, eatee. How do you make me? How do you call me make you suffer. Like you did just suffer? Tell me, Axel, if I say too much. What is that? Dark and dark. In five days without seeing the earth. No, smile, Axel, acid, it's like what? Like acid. The fire has begun. Oh no! No! No! No! Yes! Oh my god, my god! Michael, Junkson. Remember the time? Oh! I remember the day. I remember all day long. I knew you were there. I remember holding hands. I remember cleaning up. I remember the time that we spent together. I remember the time. Without a love. You remember the time. We first met in a girl. Without a time. Oh, MTV, without a love. Do you remember the time? Do you remember how we used to talk? No, we'd stay on the phone at night till dawn. Do you remember all the things we said? Like I love you so I'll never let you go. Do you remember back in the spring? Remember every moment. I remember what's been said. I remember the day. I remember those better times. I remember the days gone. I remember the night. In the back of my mind. Remember the time. Without a love. You remember the time. We first met in a girl. Without a time. Without a love. You remember the time. Those sweet memories. Always be dear to me. Remember no matter what we said. I will never forget what we did. No baby. Do you remember? I remember the time. We first met in a girl. Without a time. Without a love. You remember the time. Remember my baby. Without a time. Because I remember. Without a love. You remember the time. Without a mind. Without a time. Without a love. You remember the time. Remember my baby. Remember the time. Remember the time. You remember the time. Remember the time. Wonderful. You and me. Remember the time. You and me. What about a girl? Remember the time. Do it. Do it. On the beach. Do with me. It's clean. Remember the time. Remember the time. In the park. At the door. Do you. Do you. Do you. Do you. Do you. Do you. Remember the time. You. Do you. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You.黛丽丽丽丽丽丽丽丽丽丽丽丽丽丽丽丽丽丽丽丽丽丽丽丽丽丽 obs La petite fille veut le monde mais son avenir est tout tracé. On prépare a voiture pour elle. Une maison pour l'encerclé. Il est revoir les filles et puis il boira du mescal. Elle prépare à les quessadilles et puis ce qu'il mange en général. La petite fille veut le monde. C'est trop. Les filles le sont très libres. Elles ont leur face pour vivre. Elles n'ont plus ni père ni mère. Leurs familles ne veulent plus telles. Elles rient des hommes dans les bars. Mais personne personne qui les aime. C'est une autre mise en noir. La petite fille veut le monde. C'est trop. La petite fille veut le monde mais son avenir est tout tracé. Sa mère va faire au déménage. C'est chez des touristes français. Elle revient avec de la viande et des récits très luxueux. La Seigneura est un peu folle. Elle fait rien, elle dessine un peu. La petite fille veut le monde. C'est trop. C'est trop. La petite fille veut le monde. Elle regarde la Seigneura. Elle qui a l'air de la voir le monde. Elle est ailleurs, c'est tout ça. La petite fille veut le monde. Son avenir est-il tout tracé. On prépare une maison pour elle. Tout son temps sera encirclé. Actif le monde, oh c'est trop. Actif le monde, oh c'est trop. Oh yeah, mon marimba, oh, mon marimba. Oh yeah, mon marimba, oh, mon marimba. Mais c'est ton marim obstacles. Ton marimba, tu prends ton marimba et tu lui casses les forêts avec ton marimba. Mais oui, ma vieux, oui bon. Oh yeah, mon marimba, oh, mon marimba. Oh yeah, mon marimba, oh, mon marimba. Oh yeah, mon marimba, oh, mon marimba. Oh yeah, mon marimba, oh, mon marimba. Oh yeah, mon marimba, oh, mon marimba. Oh yeah, mon marimba, oh, mon marimba, oh, mon marimba. Et ce qui serait encore trop c'est que l'heureau duedgeman il flush son fastport, il flush son tour. Or mais tout dans le désordat on recommence l'heureau duedgeman flash sportif. Hello Zubinman, hello. Hello, I have the... And what will happen at 16h Trout? At 16h! It's 3rd arm with Alex Cremont, but before Alex Cremont, here is an emeritus footballer from the ONA. His name is David Le Glandu and we are going to meet him today in this flash sportif. Hello Joseph. David. David, David. Hello. You will be participating in this great team from the ONA, you will regularly mark FC the ONA and you will mark regularly, unfortunately not with the ball, but regularly with your shoe on the right. Why do you usually buy this shoe on the right? I don't understand. It's a problem with the laces. Without the laces that make you make mistakes? No, I have the ball in front of me, I tap in the ball. I close my eyes. So the ball is this rounded surface, white and black, which has to go in what is called the goal which is to frame with a kind of fillet behind. So usually there is another guy in the fillet. Yes, that's it. Yes, that's it. How many players per team? We personally named 11-11. It varies. I never counted the others, but we named 11. You named 11, with a T-shirt each? Yes, with a T-shirt, a little bit of a T-shirt, a shirt, a plastic one. Do you think we can open a bottle? I think we can, indeed. I want to thank Joseph David Le Glendu for his participation in this flash. We learned a lot more about FC the ONA. I fear, on the other hand, that you will not be able to turn FC the ONA. Why? I don't know, you are saying things that were, in my opinion, a little bit inconsistent. But it's the principle of FC the ONA, there is no problem. Well, thank you, Joseph David Le Glendu, that we received in a few moments, Alex Cremant in the Ebra 3. Thank you Marc. Oh, what a shot! It's a nice war, after a shot. I saw it! It's a nice war, after a shot. I saw the blood on my forehead, I saw the fever and the screams, I cried, I cried, those who are afraid to cry, I saw the death, death, and my head was torn, and I saw it! I saw the blood on my forehead, I saw the fever and the screams, I saw the fever and the screams, I saw the death, those who are afraid to cry, I saw the death, death, and my head was torn, and I saw it! I saw the death, death, death, and my head was torn, and I saw it! I saw the death, death, and my head was torn, and I saw it! I saw the death, death, and my head was torn, and I saw it! It's a nice war, after a shot, I saw the blood on my forehead, I saw the fever and the screams, I saw it! I saw the death, death, and my head was torn, and my head was torn, and my head was torn, and my head was torn! It's a bull! It's a bull! And here we are, Tornico-T! Oh, you're Tornico-T! What's your name? Oh, first new Tornico-Tel! And then, my little Margote, let's make a little tour of Tornico-Tour! Let's go! Oh, my God! Forino! Just Evan knows! It's an invasion! At 6 o'clock, your arms! At 3! You see, I wanna be good to you, baby, but sometimes I just don't know how. And the handle-blade reaches out once more, and pulls me through that gate, like a hundred times before. Oh, there are the nights when things just work out right. No one could be as close as you and me. Then it all breaks down, and we can't find that common ground. That's not the way, the way out of me, baby! Why do we laugh? Why do we cry? Why do we feel this pain inside? Only Evan knows! Only Evan knows! In this game of hiddenness, how long do we go like this? Only Evan knows! Only Evan knows! But if we threw it all away, something we'd regret someday. Oh, Evan knows! Why do we do these foolish things? Only Evan knows! My intentions are good. My actions are hard to explain. I get misunderstood sometimes. There's nobody but me to blame. I gotta speak my mind, and deal with the situation. Open the lines. The lines of communication. Oh, there are the nights we really get it right. Making love endlessly. And then there are the days we go on separate ways. It's like there's nothing left. So, some tiny dust of eternity will be at 16 o'clock. And now, it's the 2 maximum of 2, 3. I'm going to listen to everything he says, and sometimes so he's looking for pleasure, So, some great nights, people over here, so watch out. Until the next Wednesday at 1 7 or 2 at 7 PM for your活 game Pied On Saturday minimal Trumpnotes such as the sound of the horn. And yes, there is a race, it's the trophy of the harpoon. So your server will not be there. You understood everything. Good evening, see you next time. And then, don't forget, do the crazy things. Bye! What do we do to see you? It's good.