 on Radio Acidule, the sound of Point 8. We're going to start right away in music. We're going to discuss a little bit of Olympic Games, Olympic Games, the Olympic Games, the Olympic Games, Albertville, 82. It was really very impressive for us. Switzerland, unfortunately, gold, gold was in wood. This year, it's a shame, but that's how it is. We're going to continue right away in music. I hope you're preparing the little food for the little husband. It's Saturday, don't forget the weekend. The weekend is still a good day and a half until Monday morning. We're going to find a very, very, very difficult laboratory. I'm going to take you right away with a team. It's the Slobos. One time, one night. The day he had been to and the things that he had seen. A quiet voice singing something to me. An angel sung by the home of the brave. And a standing on the green. One time, one night in America. A lady dressed in wine with a match of love. Standing below the side of the pickup truck. A shot bang out on the night. Just when everything seemed right. Another headline written down in America. The guy that lived next door in 305. Took the kids to the park and disappeared by half past nine. Who will ever know how much she loved them so? That dark night alone in America. A quiet voice singing something to me. An angel sung by the home of the brave. And a standing on the green. One time, one night in America. A quiet voice playing ball in the parking lot. A preacher, a teacher and the other became a car. A car skidded into the rain. Making the last little one the same. One more light goes out in America. A young girl tosses a coin in the wishing well. She hopes for a heaven while for her there's justice hand. She gave away in line to become somebody's wife. Another wish that lands in America. People haven't so much faith. That you'll soon well all the rest is conveyed. We write a song that no one says on a cold black stone. Where a lasting beat will finally break. The sunlight lays upon my window pane. I wake up to a world that's still the same. My father said to be strong. That a good man can never do wrong. In a dream I had last night in America. A wise man can still have stories to read. But the places he had been to and the things that he had to hear. A quiet voice singing something to me. An angel sung by the home of the brave. And this man here on the street. One time one night in America. One time one night in America. One time one night in America. One night in America. We'll go right away to the side of Paris with Rianne Paris. It's the Dolce Vita. Before that, on April 22, the Saturday of April, let's not forget Marguerite. It's the Marguerite party. And of course to all the Marguerites. Don't forget that here, not quite a little month. It's the spring, it's the return of the Queue-Gui. 10 o'clock 08 minutes on Radio Acidol FM. Good morning to all and all. And very good beginning of the weekend. We are walking like in a Dolce Vita. This time we got it right. We're living like in a Dolce Vita. Gonna dream tonight. We're dancing like in a Dolce Vita. Where lights and music come. Where lights and music come. I love this made in the Dolce Vita. Nobody else than you. It's time this night together with our love again. Another light before we're drawn in darkness. Say you never wear me now. Say you're gonna love me now. You made it down in the Dolce Vita. Wipe all your fears away. We're living like in a Dolce Vita. I came off yesterday. I'm so alone in the Dolce Vita. Oh baby, tell me phone. This magic's gone in the Dolce Vita. Nobody else than you. It's time this night together with our love again. Another light before we're drawn in darkness. Say you never wear me now. Say you're gonna love me. It's time this night together with our love again. Another light before we're drawn in darkness. Say you never wear me now. Say you're gonna love me now. You're gonna love me now. You made it down in the Dolce Vita. One glass of water with my cup. Up and down. Up and down with my body. I'm not a sailor, I'm not a sailor. I'm not a sailor, I'm not a sailor. Mom, mom, mom. Mom, mom, mom. Mom, mom, mom. Pa-ra-ba-la-la-la-ba. Pa-ra-ba-la-la-la-ba. A little bit of thanks. A little bit of thanks. Children! Come on, together! Children! Season 2 Pa-ra-ba-la-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba. Pa discouraged. Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-light. Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Pa-ra-ba-la-la-ba- Living in just one mind, beating together To the end of time, knowing two hearts Living in just one mind, together forever To the end of time, oh She knows, she knows, she knows, she knows Yeah, she knows, she knows, I know my heart For all that we are, she knows I'm always right here this time, we're two hearts Living in just one mind, beating together To the end of time, you know we're two hearts Living in just one mind, together forever To the end of time, you know we're two hearts Living in just one mind, together forever This is what we athletes do, maybe a witch to make people think For the night and for the night You do the auditions like a spider The finger of the carousel can tear it apart You're the one who makes me follow you For the night and for the night I'm a witch in a human world It's still in the air, but it's still in the air It's still in the air, but it's still in the air Your magic, your magic, your magic It's just my heart, your eyes Your magic, your magic Like a bird on a boat, or a carousel You're the one who makes me follow you The magic, your magic, your magic It's just my heart, your eyes And then you eat like a cloud of sand You're the one who makes me follow you For the night and for the night There's a little girl, a little girl Who can stick a pillow in a ballon Like a little girl, who can stick a pillow in a ballon You're the one who makes me follow you Your magic, your magic It's just my heart, your eyes Your magic, your magic Like a bird on a boat, or a carousel You're the one who makes me follow you Your magic, your magic It's just my heart, your eyes Your magic, your magic It's just my heart, your eyes You're the one who makes me follow you Your magic, your magic Ha ha ha ha It's just my heart, your eyes Your magic, your magic Like a bird on a boat, or a carousel You're the one who makes me follow you Your magic, your magic Ha ha ha ha It's just my heart, your eyes Your magic, your magic Ha ha ha ha It's just my heart, your eyes Your magic, your magic Like a bird on a boat, or a carousel You're the one who makes me follow you When you watch what the video included, you'll know where everyone went, what you need to know never. Let's do this one for Beardville's team, who are close to Fuß. He's a very fast player, he's already started selling on Friday with water and mud to prevent accidents. He's been snowing since last night, but he's already been snowing on Friday because everyone has their own little congee. But there were accidents, it all happened in Vergla, and a lot of accidents were done in Bre, with injuries and rain. The team had to cross the road to get the situation right. Well done, for the Olympic Games in Beardville, if you're from the Swiss team, take your shoes, put your chains and your heels. Let's continue music right now on the show of the eighties. We'll find the divas of the dancing with Philippe Cantado. Frémissant et parfumé Toit tu sais où les trouver Les divas du dancing Les divas du dancing Les singles et du mango Celle qu'on ne verra jamais dans les distos Les fans du saxo Les félis du passeau Celle qui pense encore dans du cadeau Les divas du dancing Les divas du dancing Dans son sens En tantuleur des irmures mûrées Le bandeau s'arrêlait C'est les mourir le temps d'un désir Sans l'ombre d'un paquet Toit qu'il s'est brûlé la chair des femmes Sans jamais donner ton âme À celle qui sous ton rugarde parle Frémissant et parfumé Toit tu sais où les trouver Les divas du dancing Les divas du dancing Corsair et coeur glacé Elles gardent de toi un peu de combina Sur le goût de leur doigt Quand elles ont carrécé Cette nuque bleue qu'elles avaient embrassé Les divas du dancing Les divas du dancing Sans jamais donner ton âme Sans jamais verser de l'âme Les divas du dancing Les divas du dancing Les divas du dancing Je ne sais pas si du côté de Albert Wienl Le dancing a été autorisé aussi au skier On peut le penser, je suppose C'est un endroit de la décampiture de certains athlètes La presse matin, je vais vous dire Il y a l'humour, vraiment très marrantes C'est samedi 22 février Le matin, avec le cabaret chaussette Un titre qu'ils ont réalisé Or raison fut nébre Or raison fut nébre Bien sûr, avec l'équipe de Jacques Roland Alors, les Suisses, quand ils sont partis du côté de Albert Wienl On pensait, c'est l'importance d'y participer avec une petite fleur au bout du fusil ou au bout du ski Pour lui, pour Jacques Roland en partant des Jeux olympiques d'Albert Wienl l'importante partie c'est de partir sans être sifflé, ou être sifflé plutôt On va partir tout de suite en musique il a exactement 10h28 minutes sur Radio Assydulle, sur les 102.8 On va retrouver tout de suite de la bonne musique avec les Suisses, les Suisses, les Suisses Les Suisses Les Suisses Les Suisses Les Suisses Les Suisses Les Suisses Les Suisses The reality Mitsuko, voilà The Swiss side has invented a new game to take back the two tests of ski Alpine, on the side of Albert Wienl This Cabaret Chaucette just released It's a new game of cards since we are fans of the Swiss side we have a new game of cards The title is not Bourré Bourré Ratatam No, it's Pomme with Bournisson Let's continue music with Gray and Barbelly Bien Felix Gray and Diggy and Barbelly Bien to all the girls a toutes les filles que j'ai aimé avant qui sont devenus femmes maintenant à l'heure volant de l'arme à l'heure torrent de charmes je suis resté adolescent à toutes les filles que j'ai aimé avant des cours de lycée en jardin d'enfant aux lettres déchirées à l'heure paisévolée je suis resté adolescent elles savaient, elles savaient des saucerons au fond des yeux elles dansaient, elles dansaient pour nous garder plus amoureux elles disaient, elles disaient que l'amour c'est toute une vie à deux elles savaient, dans un sourire moqueur quelque chose de secret elles gravaient au deux coeurs sur les arbres des forêts elles pleuraient comme on pleure quand on a trop aimé des essées au fond des yeux à toutes les filles que j'ai aimé avant qui sont devenus femmes maintenant de l'heure s'écladerait à nos nuits de plaisir je suis resté adolescent à toutes les filles que j'ai aimé avant de plages au soleil andinés dansant aux secrets murmurés aux passions déchirées je suis resté adolescent elles savaient, elles savaient des saucerons au fond des yeux elles dansaient, elles dansaient pour nous garder plus amoureux elles disaient, elles disaient que l'amour c'est toute une vie à deux elles savaient, dans un sourire moqueur quelque chose de secret elles gravaient au deux coeurs sur les arbres des forêts elles pleuraient comme on pleure comme on a trop aimé des essées au fond des yeux elles savaient, elles savaient des saucerons au fond des yeux elles dansaient, elles dansaient pour nous garder plus amoureux elles disaient, elles disaient que l'amour c'est toute une vie à deux elles savaient, dans un sourire moqueur quelque chose de secret elles gravaient au deux coeurs sur les arbres des forêts elles pleuraient comme on pleure comme on a trop aimé des essées au fond des yeux à toutes les filles qu'on a aimé avant on a l'air pour ça avec la bonne humeur ou programmes n'oubliez pas de ne pas l'espoir avec Adbergville c'est un slalom spécial et le Bob a 4 peut-être deux médailles de plus on ne perd pas l'espoir on verra ça la fin de journée on a deux médailles de plus qui sont acquises c'est des fois les doigts peut-être qu'ils vont venir cever est-ce que vous avez quelque chose à déclarer j'espère que vous n'aurez rien du tout faites pas trop de zèle des suisses on continue en musique à avoir trouvé quelqu'un qui s'appelle Johnny Logan avec Old Mino bonne matinée à tous don't be afraid the dream's not real close your eyes pretend it's just the two of us again make believe this moment's here to stay touch touch me the way you used to do I know tonight could be all I'll have with you from now on you'll be with someone else instead of me so tonight let's fill this memory for the last time hold me now don't cry don't say your word just hold me now and I will know the way you're apart we'll always be together forever in love what do you say when words are not enough time time will be kind once we're apart and your tears tears will have no place in your heart I wish I could say how much I'll miss you when you're gone how my love for you will go on and on and on hold me now don't cry don't say your word just hold me now and try to understand that I hope that last you've found what you've been searching for and though I won't be there anymore I will always love you don't cry don't say your word just hold me now and I will know that we're apart we'll always be together forever in love what do you say when words are not enough what can I say now my words are not enough I wish I could say how much I'll miss you when you're gone how my love for you will go on and on hold me now don't cry don't cry don't cry don't cry don't cry don't cry don't cry don't cry all the blue skies are gone it's the miracle of the year the choir has sung it Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah and we'll always be together because my love for you will go on and never fall into the hearts Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah we'll always be together because my love for you will go on and never fall into the hearts in the chapel of Harlem the parents didn't come so all the people on the street are very poor in Jesus in the chapel of Harlem the friends of the university were from the New Jersey the choir will sing it Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah and we'll always be together because my love for you will go on and never fall into the hearts Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah and we'll always be together because my love for you will go on and never fall into the hearts in the chapel of Harlem the parents didn't come so all the people on the street are very poor in Jesus in the chapel of Harlem the parents didn't come so all the people on the street are very poor in Jesus in the chapel of Harlem the parents didn't come so all the people on the street are very poor in Jesus in the chapel of Harlem the parents didn't come so all the people on the street are very poor in Jesus in the chapel of Harlem the parents didn't come so all the people on the street are very poor in Jesus in the chapel of Harlem the parents didn't come so all the people on the street in the chapel of Harlem the parents didn't come so all the people on the street are very poor in Jesus in the chapel of Harlem the parents didn't come so all the people on the street are very poor in Jesus in the chapel of Harlem the parents didn't come so all the people on the street are very poor in Jesus in the chapel of Harlem the parents didn't come so all the people on the street are very poor in Jesus in the chapel of Harlem the parents didn't come so all the people on the street are very poor in Jesus in the chapel of Harlem the parents didn't come so all the people on the street are very poor in Jesus in the chapel of Harlem the parents didn't come so all the people on the street are very poor in Jesus in the chapel of Harlem never never never never never, never never, that you love never, never, forever never never, that you love if you want to be given all that you wait for if you want to be given and the price you pay is the one that comes from you and always remember that you have to take the doubt to raise the price of love never, never, never never, that you love never, never, never never, never never, never that you love if you want to defend your happiness of love if you want to hear the most tender words the one that we love that starts a poem but never ends it never, never, never never, that you love never, never, never never, never that you love never, never, never never, never that you love that you love a big tube of the sixties with Guillemadelle never never we'll stay a little bit in the romanticism under this mission until 11 o'clock we'll find Clos D'Assilvia also a tube of the 65s I cried I cried for the first time I cried for you if you just understood that I love you that nothing can separate me from you from you I cried for what you did to me I cried because you laughed yes you laughed because we argued that it can happen you made me cry lalalala lalalala I cried when I saw you leave I cried I thought of dying but I thought it was a game that you were going to come back there will be more to come than we we lalalala lalalala lalalala lalalala lalalala I beg you you must see me there is only you in me listen to my heart but not only for you let my heart cry if you don't love me never forget that I cried for you for you for you for you I lost my prayer in your world of neon I lost my prayer and the lyrics of my songs you always had the world of hunger the guy who was under my hand I hear your voice I have the heart in the mud I am the one in the mud I am Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado In your life or princess there is a demand of time I am really a bad party tell me what we play here but I am always a Martian I don't want to live for nothing I have burned your photos I have the heart in the mud I am Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado I don't know who I am I don't know where I come from and tell you where I come today I know where I come from Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado In your body of light with your words of love I have lost my life my last illusions you always had the word of the end you had laughter and not everyone you were buried in my body I have a heart in the mud I am Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado Desperado