 Hello! Today, Saturday, January 11, Karton Pâtes, Elephant Ridé. It's the first one, we have the track. Until then. It's just a bad time to go, don't worry. Karton Pâtes, Elephant Ridé with Guillaume, Julien, Nicolas, Frédéric, Manon, Hervé, Karine and Céline. Under the high patronage of Jean-Marc Richard. Today, in Karton Pâtes, Elephant Ridé, we are invited by Marc, the coach. Talented and is still the Zanois of Ni Maifers, a streamer coach who currently goes to the Arsenal until January 19. And also a great Christmas dossier, and then Nicolas. A press review and a panorama of the Zanois cultural life. And all this, all this, in Karton Pâtes, Elephant Ridé. Julien, I'm done. Julien, stop. Denis Maifers, first question. What does streamer mean? Streamer means coroll. It's the term given by a parachute, a parachute that is thrown in the torch. So we didn't want to translate it because in French coroll it wasn't terrible as a title. So we kept the title as an American. And streamer, this piece, what does it mean in short, if you can tell us? It's soldiers who are in an American camp in Vietnam, volunteer volunteers who are engaged before the Vietnam War. Then the war comes and they know they will have to leave, they don't know when yet, but they know they will have to go. And then it's a eight-cloth in a soldier's room where there is a white, two white, which is homosexual, and is suspected of homosexuality, suspected if we can say, and then a black. And then there is a kind of tension that is born between these three, due to these differences. Tension over-alimented by the presence of a fourth character who intervenes, another engaged, a black, who passes from time to time in the dormitory. So we can say it's a eight-cloth with, for you, the Vietnam War, which could be another war, another moment, the context is clear, but the context is not, it's not a piece of the Vietnam War, the context is not determined in that case. All this happens in the head of the characters, in fact. Yes, that is to say that the tensions they have between them are completely exacerbated by the fact that they have to go to the war. So it's not a piece of the war, it's a piece of tolerance, it's a piece of tolerance on the fact that someone is in front of you, and then someone is wearing something like you, and from that point on, you don't accept this fact. It's a piece of how to accept the indifference of the one who is in front of you, I mean, next to you, in your life, anywhere, anywhere. Well, they think it's soldiers, that's the context that is there for a little dynamite and all that, but as I said the other day, it could possibly happen in a office between people who are there, and every day in the same space, and then who end up being hated for 15,000 reasons, because the other one is blue, white, red, he's not the same glasses as me, he's not the same size, he's not the same color, he doesn't think like me. Yes, why in a second, why, what motivated you to build this piece, how did you discover it? Well, at the base it was from the war, because I did the project during the Gulf War, this war that was so annoying, because we didn't see, we only saw machines, and cards and strategies, we didn't see men, what interested me was to show men in a war, but quickly we realized that it was once again the background, that what was important was to show, always that it was worth talking about, let's say, the word of intolerance, now, because we are confronted with that every day, the other day I was in a restaurant and a guy behind me was there, and I turned around and I looked at his tie for two seconds, because I like ties, it looks at me. You never take it? Yes, yes, I take it, and then the guy told me, you never saw a tie, why are you looking at me like that? But I had looked at it for a second, the guy said, listen, if we can't look at people anymore, we can't go out, we'll live in another planet if we don't want to look at you. It starts there, the intolerance, the fact that I look at his tie, and he doesn't accept that, it's so ridiculous, he says to me, it's worth talking about this piece at this moment, we were at the first two days, I mean, we always meet, because we don't support that one, if he's not dressed like that, he doesn't live like you, etc. We live, the piece is so strong, since there are black and white, homosexuals, I mean, there, it can be a little pushed away, but hey, it starts there, not accepting that the guy next to you is, for example, homosexual like in the piece, it's already a huge racism, it's a piece about racism, in the sense of the term. In your other pieces, like for example, The Passage of the Poet, or Why You Nothing, by Desdemone, the text takes a very important place, why not this one? Well, it's sure that in the others, there was text, I imagine what you call text, it was a very written literature, it was text lamps, and there it's an extremely dialogued piece. What interests me, it's not to be told in a precise way, it's to touch the universes, but I don't agree with you when you say that there is a writing, which is simply not a very literary writing, but it's a piece that is very dramatically built, with a lot of replicas, it's very spoken, it's very everyday, it's true that it's not a language, it's not a search for a language, it's a beautiful language, a text, a phrase, it's a language that can be effective everyday. So, well, I already wanted to change, what interests me is the piece, what it tells, and then there you go, what interests me is precisely a writing, this is a writing that is that, everyday, quick, nervous, but in the other pieces, it was another, it was more the search for a poetry, a delicacy, it's another world. This piece is therefore a piece written in English? Yes, in English, very American, you can even say. So who made the translation? Well, it's one of the communists of the piece, who is called Dominique Meier, who is also a teacher, who speaks English very well, and who is also the reason for having a sense, who knows what a theatrical writing is, because he has already written a few pieces, he has written it himself, and then who has the sense of the theatre, of the replica, of the repartee, and who lived in the United States a little, and who had all the chances to do this work correctly, not to fall into the trap of making Americanism in French, but to make a language in French that is, that sounds good, that is spoken, that is everyday, that is true, that's what we were looking for a little. So you are satisfied with the translation? Yes, I'm happy, yes. We worked on it a little bit in repetition, because sometimes you think that on paper it sounds good, and then when you talk to it, you realize that it's not all that, we were looking for a language that was spoken well. Okay, but if I'm not mistaken, it's not a troupe that I played. So how did you choose your actors? Well, the actors, it's like always, you try to meet a family around you, who work well together, I found them because I want to see shows, because I know people a little, I'm forced to be a little bit of a worker, you meet people, you meet comedians, and then you will have shows, you have comedians who make you want all at once. And there were comedians, well, comedians who were not professional, why is that? Well, because it's true that there are two roles, which are, I would say, the smallest roles, even the very small roles, I wanted to engage young actors, young guys who want to do theater, who will certainly do one day, who will go to a school, rather than engage real professionals. I find it worth it that young guys who want to do theater, they discover, all of a sudden, they bathe in a real place to see if they really like it. How long has it been written? The play was written in 1977, at the end of the Vietnam War. The play by David Raib? Yes, David Raib, that's it. I read an article in the morning, which criticizes too much realism, and said, for example, that the bloodstains were a bit of a drama, what would you say about that? I don't criticize criticism, it's not my job. I think that if the person felt it like that, he had reasons to do it. But if there was a problem of credibility, it's not a bloodstain problem. If there is no blood, it looks funny. Maybe there is too much, and I don't know if to make a mouth. There is a guy who kills another, he has to have blood in his stomach, he is being murdered. Now, if credibility is not enough, or if criticism has seen that, it's that it was rather the actor's game, the staging that was not so nervous. It's not a blood problem. When you decide to have a lecture like that, realistic, if a guy cuts the hand of the other, if we don't see blood, it looks like a guinea pig. Yes, okay. That's just a four-year-old. Is it at 19? 19 in Arsenic, and then we go to the municipal of Iverdon. What day is it? Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. And then Sunday, Sunday? No, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. It's just three days in Iverdon, and we hope that it turns further. Okay, well, we're going to listen now. Nicolas, do you have something to say? No. No? You didn't have a question? No. No. Nicolas, thank you, you have cooperativity. Now we're going to listen to a small disc, My Girl by Hattie Sredding. It's a music that you can hear if you go see the show of Neemaï Fer, streamers who are passing. So I repeat, in Arsenic until January 19, and then in Iverdon, the... 22, 23, 24. 22, 23, 24. My Girl. I'm a little shy on a cloudy day. And it's cold outside. I've got the month of May. Oh, I guess you say what can make me feel this way. I've got a sweet song that I can sing. The new birds in the tree. Oh, I guess you will say what can make me feel this way. It's my girl talking about my girl. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't need no morning. All I need is my day. I've got all the riches, baby. One big man can play. Oh, I guess you say what can make me feel this way. It's my girl talking about my girl. Oh, I've got the sunshine on a cloudy day with my girl. Neemaï Fer got the month of May with my girl. Talking about, talking about, talking about. And now, now it's around our great day's schedule on Christmas. We walked in the Zan on December 24th and December 25th. And we did the different parties that were organized this day. So we're going to do, listen to the different interviews of the organizers. And the first one is about the frat. This party started three years ago. It was a nice atmosphere. There were a lot of people and I let you judge. How many years ago did it take? It's the first year that we organized the restaurant of Amity. In 1989, in 1991. What was the project? It was a response from the moment. Manuel Lopez, who certainly took the idea of the restaurant of the heart. He said to open something and offer a place and a moment for people who are isolated, who want to find other people. We decided to do that four days. We could have done less, we could have done more. And you didn't want to do that on Christmas. In general, it's every year between 23 and 27. This year, it's four days. It means eight meals, 23, 25, 26. Midnight. Were you the first to start three years ago? I don't think we were the first. For a long time, there were places, either parois, or other groups that organized parties for people who were isolated or marginalized. But maybe we were the first to do that in a place that was open all year. Because it was very different when it was done in parois. It could have continued a little bit. And especially people who come to a place that is already a place of meeting, that is already a place of life, that is already too common. It's not like in a room where suddenly we do something on purpose for Christmas. It's good too, but it doesn't have the same reference. What did you want to create? An atmosphere of bistro? Not too exceptional? I think we wanted to give a place that already exists and make sure that during these days, people can come and eat for free. And we have people who know their fraternity, who come from the same place. And also many other people that we see, who are now. Then, I think we continue on this launch, the same person. I just cut to say that there was a good atmosphere at that time in the frat and that if there are noises, parasites, it's okay, we continue. People come to the park, people of pleasure who feel comfortable, who don't feel like it's organized only for poor people. That's what's very important, it's a place where there are people of any kind, people who work, people who don't work. And those who think they don't have the right to have something free, they can put it in a place where they have a place to be. That's what's special about it, it's not the Christmas of the isolated people, it's a place where isolated people like us are here. We can't recognize those who are absolutely in need. That's what we wanted, to put together, to get used to, to get used to, to get used to people who can go, either in family, or elsewhere, or people who really have nothing else. It's a great mix. It's a place of acceptance, to show people can be accepted by others. Yes, I would say that we don't want to show anything. We want to put a place at your disposal, and it's the people who come and who have the attitude they have. Last night, there were friends in Daloo who came on stage dancing Flamenco for almost an hour. Tonight, there are friends, Ecuadorians, who play on stage. And it's done very spontaneously and benevolently. How many meals have you served? About 250, and today, about the same thing. That means there were about 300 people. So, on Wednesday, it's between 11 and 2 pm. On Wednesday, it's between 5 and 9 pm. So, it's done a little bit of rotation. There are people who stay. And it allows to serve about 80 and 120 meals, each time, on Wednesday, on the evening. And do you offer gifts? So, that's people who bring gifts. It's not even new. So, it's good to say that, because finally, we are a little bit intermediaries. We call the shopkeepers, the neighbors, the donors, who bring us either food, drinks, or money. What we receive, we give them. It's not even us, finally. Regarding food, did you have to pay for the food? How did you get it? There's a little bit of everything. There's food we received. We received different things. And things we must also buy. We had to eat a meal. Yesterday, we made sweets. Today, we can't wait to do what we receive. And then, we interviewed a servant, the servant, Ben Evol. And it's also a lady who goes to the people, who simply speaks to them to comfort them, and then, to comfort them a little bit, to their loneliness. Good morning. So, we served meals on Wednesday, we usually eat dinner. People are very happy. I think the majority of the customers are people who are all alone. So, we spend a lot of time talking to them. Now, there's the meal, there's the distribution of gifts. We have less time, but many say, this morning, we could talk well. Well, we have to take the time. And what do you talk about? Yes, people sometimes see that they are rather shy. They say, do we dance? There's a couple who received a paper, we had printed it, and then, do we dare to come? Do we dare? So, we have to, especially when people come in, to be excited to welcome them, so that they don't feel like something private, or I don't know what. Is there a certain pride about these places? And people who say, rather, they like it, they say, no, I don't want to show that I need to go. Not at all. So, I think people come here, I think people come here, how do they stay? They go out to eat, they don't like it. Well, on the contrary, they are very happy. And now, we are changing a little bit of the decor and the atmosphere. The atmosphere is quite hot in the frat, as we already said, fraternity, so near the Boulimie theater. We were interviewed, we wanted to first fall on Joel, Joel who normally camped all Christmas holidays, I think for two weeks, that's it, at the Pombessière, and then we fell on Marc, Marc who is one of his colleagues, and then that's what he just told us. We've been here for two days, we started on the 23rd. And for how long? Until the 5th of January, we stay here. And do you see a lot of people during the day? I think so, yes. There are still people who stop, who give us food, who ask us how it's going. And then, we discuss with these people, I mean. And here, it's to share with them, their suffering and then to discuss our good. And is it hard to be here in relation to you? I do it benevolently with Christian, and Joel, and then Michel, as I told you, we were four. And then we do it benevolently, especially for Christ, because I am very religious. I have lived very hard in my life too. I know what suffering is. And I'm here to show people that I'm here to help them, I mean. To help them. Yes. To do my best. Have you already slept in there? Yes. It's okay, it's fine. Yes, well, we have a lot of people here. Ah yes, right here. Yes, okay. So, we can just explain, we have a little bed, there are the package of biscuits, you distribute to people, no problem, they can come as you want. Okay. And it's people who offer you, it's people who are willing to fill you. And then, here, we are on your bed. Yes, if you want, it's my bed. Yes, it's okay, the cars. Yes, I'm fine, I mean, I put on some blankets to sleep, I prefer. Because sometimes there are people who come in, who come to serve, and then who take a bite, and it wakes me up sometimes. So, if I want to recover a little, I put blankets in my ears, and then like that, I can sleep quietly. Yes. No problem. You started with Joel, or who is he who actually inaugurated? How long has it been? It's been eleven years now. Eleven years? Yes, Joel was here. Yes. To Joel, it's been eleven years. Yes, exactly. And do you know what motivated him? What motivated him, it became Christ too. Himself. Yes, he lived with him. Exactly, he lived with something. I think if we are all here, the four of us, it's because we all suffered somewhere. Yes. And then we need to express ourselves, our suffering. I especially need to express myself, to see that I am present, I mean, and then that I am present for the others too. That if there is a pain, whatever it is, I am here to intervene, not only me, but the others who are near me, I mean, back to me. And how did it start? Maybe it started with administrative work. Yes, it was a bit of a mess. It was a bit of a mess, administrative work, because they didn't agree so much, that Joel came here to finish, I think, what he had. Now it's a bit of a mess. Now it's good, I say. He was made to pull a little... Yes, we heard that, there are little things, like everywhere. Yes. What is it? It's the police. Yes, the political men, especially. It's shit, I don't like it. They don't like it too much, it's just kind of little things, a bit of an alternative. So then we continued our little journey, and we arrived in Ville-Lamon, in the pretty little park of Ville-Lamon. There was a party, a new Christmas party, which was called... And we interviewed Mr. Glor, who was the manager. So the atmosphere was a little different from the one in Fratch, I let you imagine, but it was nice too, people wanted to appreciate it. It was a little calmer maybe. A little more bourgeois maybe. Oh, I don't know. Tonight we have an African coal. We have Angolais, the Aïs, who intervene at a time on that. Okay. And then you say tonight, how long does it last? How long does it last? So, let's say that this evening lasts all night, people arrive at 20 or 30, and then it lasts until the early morning, around 1 am, we live until then. So you've been doing it for a few days or only tonight? So we do it tonight. Okay. Every year tonight, this evening, it exists for 20 years. And then the goal of the evening, it was at the time to break new, it was to help people alone, to celebrate. And then it was again, in this sense, that we tried to reach marginals, a little bit of poverty in society. There was, for example, at the time, 20 years ago, we were making fries, it corresponded, if you want, to the hamburger of the generation. We were making fries until 4 am. We made bannies, things like that. And then it was calmed down, that kind of thing. But then there were other new elements. We try to be, yes, perpetually a little bit renewed. Then, continuing our way, we were in front of the station. It was that, it was very nice. In fact, there was a big marmite. Yes, they were selling soups. Well, they were selling, excuse me, they were offering soups, and then they were offering food, they were offering a lot of heat, especially. And it was organized by the Loisir de L'Ozane, and especially by the center of the Loisir des Bergers. You, D'Atre? Well, I'm here by chance, actually. I just wanted to, once or twice, but it would be systematic to have a different Christmas. Yes, to know. To know, to share things. Do you like the family, all that? No, I like the family, but I thought I would have to have a different Christmas, because it's true to eat, to eat, and then to knock on the door, and then... And then it doesn't matter, in the end. We see the family all the time, that's it. And then, in the end, I don't really regret it. It's one of the best Christmas I've ever had. I don't really like it. It's a necessary thing, we really see people in need, and then there's a dialogue that's being installed. Yes. It's more than the time, ultimately. As much as I'm happy to be here, and as much as people feel, then I think it's something that has to be done systematically. Yes. The most possible. So we did it without authorization, and it still put us with problems the year after. The year after, we didn't have the authorization to come here, because people from the station, the station's direction wasn't... Not very good. Very hot. It wasn't very hot, when we were there, it was a little messy, it seemed. So we did it the year after, we did it in front of it, especially because we're on federal territory here. We did it on communal territory, that is to say... Macdonalds, yes. No, in the middle of it. In the middle of the square, in the summer. It wasn't very pleasant, but it was a good practice. Even if there wasn't any rain, so it was... It was quite dangerous, because the bus was passing by, quite close, there were lots of people around the station. We always really wanted to collaborate with you. Absolutely. So it was always great, but at the practical level, it was quite dangerous. And this year, there were a lot of events like that, we saw a list, four years ago, was it already the fourth? No, no. We were four years ago, we were... It seemed to be controlled. We had to light the mess, I think. I look at the bus, now there are four of us, it's not long before 2000, now there are several centers. And to have this evolution, it's a need, it's a need, you know? There is a need, well, since there are centers that are created, there are a lot of people here, there is a lot of people elsewhere too, it's because there are two worlds, there is a need. And then we go from there, more people come. After that, I don't know, I'm a chef, for example, I meet four months of the cooking that is in Chômage. Then we went to the rest of the heart, between Bois, where we interviewed Jacques, who was responsible for the kitchen. How many meals did you have in the past two days? We counted 300, we served 150, at most, we ate 150. It's little for three meals in the past two days? No, no, with the publicity that could have been made, because we had problems with posters, with papillons, with the last minutes problems, with the fact that we still went up, it's like a building, I think it's a success. And then, on a market, you don't have to forget that in Switzerland, people don't have to admit that they don't have money, or they are alone, and there is a lot of people who live right here, who know that we exist, but who will never move to come. And then, what we have to do is to make these people understand that they have to come, because we fight more loneliness with things like that, than the end itself. Because everyone has a package, even the newspaper, or almost everyone. Rarely are those who die of hunger, but those who are alone, that's what we're waiting for. But these people are afraid to come, they don't feel good, they don't feel comfortable, they are afraid to tell everyone that they are unhappy, or that they are not rich, or that they are not. And what do you think we should do to attract them? Next year, I would like to, with M.S. Sofia, to organize other restaurants in the heart that will be open all winter. It's a goal that we set ourselves, in order to be able to feed and to accompany all these people. But during the winter, not only during the evening, and then, at times when people will dare to come and see once, they will feel the atmosphere, they will see more easily. Yes, precisely, it's a question that was asked, and it doesn't exist, the Zana, the things that more often than during the Christmas celebrations. No, all year round, no. Yes, it still exists a little bit now, but there we find only a certain category of people, it's young people. The elderly people will never come, there is the parachute, which is a place of reception and listening, which is at the fire mark. There is the Betraim, which is a place, a day center, as we can call it, where you can eat, you can talk, you can talk. It's where? It's where? It's at the tunnel, no, at the place of the tunnel, I think it's a number, I don't know what number, it's a tunnel, and there, it's an apartment where you can go, if there is someone who makes you eat, you can eat, if you come with your wife, you can make her eat herself. It's not very well known. You can go to bed, you can go to the toilet for free. It's not very well known. It's known by squatters, it's known by people who are in the street, it's known all over the world. Think that you would need more. No, you need more, you need something for the elderly people, for the people. In the rest of the heart, we also try to make a bus service to be able to deliver to people who can't even move, would that be what to do to eat at home? So the goal is there for us. What was the maximum number of elderly people or more people? A maximum number of people who came to help. Yes, but there is no... A day like today, most people who came here who didn't come to eat or to be alone, they came to help. People who are alone or who finally don't know how to get through. And it's bad. It's a bit sad. We know that there are people in the neighborhood, for example, just in this neighborhood, there are people who are alone, alone in the neighborhood, it's sad, it's not funny. Did you distribute the bags? Yes, I have a mailbox, bags, posters everywhere. Do you think there are some parts of... A well-made bubble on the wall, among other things. Yes, yes, it's a shame, a shame for people. They feel at ease. To dare, to admit in front of other people that they are in a place where we give them everything. Because it's going to be a little Swiss-media mentality, it's a bit of a shame, but it's true. So, is there a place here first? Is there a religious base or not at all? Absolutely not. If we talk about the mother Sofia, it's that the mother Sofia is just the faith for her, but she lets free the thought to all people she has. So, in relation to that, there is absolutely no confession, no church, whatever it is, and that I hold a lot because it's not the goal. It's open to everyone, it's all about race, all nationality, all religion. For us, it doesn't matter. For people who feel alone or people who are at last, it's for one or for the other. It can be very rich people who come here. We have seen other people, obviously, not in need, but alone. Hello, I'm kidding. So, the biggest part of people who give a hand here are people who come here to welcome these people, to come and have a drink with them, to talk with them, to exchange ideas, even banal, but to not leave them alone one day like that. And then, we will keep this principle if we manage to make it in the rest of the heart for the next winter. Three months, then? Yes, from the first of December to the first of March, in any case. And then, if it turns well, if we are in the local, why not all year round? You don't have to do hot air, do salami, why not all year round? All year round, they eat for people who come here, who have nothing. It can be tourists, it can be owners who make the road, it can be the owners of the houses, because I don't see them, there are also houses, and the other ones, to not arrive. Is there anything to add? A run? Something to add? No, yes, something to add. A call to all the people who have good ideas so that we can make our idea for the rest of the heart an appeal to all those who may be interested. Because all the ideas are good, all the hands are good to learn. So yes, if... And then, we have to get along, we have to talk about parachute, and I can even give you the telephone number. No, we will take it, it's good, we will take it by writing. Thank you, goodbye. Then we will interview the treasurer of the association of the street vendors in the case of the decoration. Yes, it was a completely different thing. After all these interviews of people who are... who still give it to help people in need, well, we're going a little bit on the other side of the barrier, it's a view that is still... I think it's quite important to have. On the set, we chose them, two years ago, we met an urban architect, Mr. Gabriel Rossi, who prepared a whole historical study on the street vendor. And after that study, we planned a 3-year decoration program. The previous year, we started our set, there were some modifications to be brought following the arguments of the public and the vendors. And this year, we have recondized this set, but improved, especially by a question of light and lighting, which we missed the previous year. For the next year, we hope to do much better, that is to say to predict the same kind of set, but with a special set for the two entrances of the Rue de Bourg, on the side of Saint-Pierre and Saint-François. You planned for advance agreements, one year or two years? We had to plan for one year or two, as I wanted to explain, it was already planned for three years. Is it an influence on people who come to make their purchase on the Rue de Bourg? You heard that if we... We can see a supplement of sales, because we have a beautiful set. I think it's very difficult to answer, what we can say is that people are very happy of the atmosphere that this set gives during the end of the year, but from there, to say that for us, as vendors, it would be a good big step to take. But maybe there is a long term... In the long term, I think it will be something that people will especially want to become on the Rue de Bourg and if they want to come to the Rue de Bourg, they surely want to go into our shops. Do you financially help the community? Absolutely not. The cost is only financed by the vendors and by the owners of the Rue de Bourg. I think it's quite expensive. It's very expensive if we want to have good decor, because as I wanted to explain, there is an architect, this gentleman has a lot of work to do, he has had research work to do, and the rest, the storage of all this decor, because we store during the summer, so we have to go out the next year. All this obviously costs very expensive. But for the moment, all the vendors and all the owners of the Rue de Bourg play the game. I think we will get there very well without leaving. Then we have simply... Well, this is the end of personal interviews. We have to gather opinions from people about what Christmas is like. There are people we have already interviewed, and others. What is very interesting to have is contradictions. People contradict each other. It's very, very funny. And above all, listen to all the commercial lies that are said. It's very, very funny. So Christmas, since we are talking about commerce, it's a commercial matter, which is interesting for all the people who have a trade, whether it's Rue de Bourg or elsewhere. Secondly, there is the mystical side, the mystical party, which I think is especially appreciated by children, and there is the question of the greatness of this light that came on earth. So obviously, it's more difficult to explain. It's commercial, you can't do anything against it. And children are wonderful, they are wonderful, they are wonderful in the windows. And well, that's it. It's a story of smiles, and smiles don't come from loneliness. There are people who can be full of money, and they can make gifts, but feel very lonely. It's the hardest part, to face loneliness, because you see the lights, you see people who are dressed, who are ready to celebrate, and there are those who are all alone. Now that I think about Christmas, I think that Jesus was born, there are millions of people. And all this time, I have consumption, and that's it. So I was horrified, I made the stores behind me, I went through the stores, and all we were putting to embellish something that was normally done in another day, in a banal kingdom, we decorated it to sell it, things like that. I mean, it hurt me very, very much. You know, if you make a restaurant, maybe for people who need it like that, and if you give it to them, there is a hug somewhere. So I think that you have to make people aware that you shouldn't abuse this situation, you have to understand that it's a sharing, so it's to help. For me, I think it's... we have to remember that God has come among us, I think it's the main thing, that the only hope that we have today, is a hope of love and warmth. I was listening to the family, all year long, I saw it all year, all year long, I saw my family, my wife, my father, my mother, my children, everything. So on Christmas Day, I want to be too kind. So, yeah. And here, are you really calm? Ah, far from my family, I feel much better. Really? No, no, no, we won't go into your family problems, but... Ah, but it's hard, it's hard. You know, you know I have a special wife. Ah, she doesn't want to, she doesn't want to go. No. But... So, but... We're doing the strike, we're doing the strike, we're doing the strike of sex, of sex, of sex, for ten years. So I go out on Christmas Day to drag a pommet, someone, I don't know, a pommet. I don't know, a pommet. For me, Christmas signification is... I live... as you explained, I was rejected a lot too. I never was with my family, I had a brother from the world, I was very... very upset in my life, it really marked me. And... I took it very, very badly, I mean, I was very upset, I took it very, very badly, I mean. So Christmas was... And then, yeah, I was very, very difficult for me. Now, it's better, I mean, it's thanks to Chris, you mean. And then, I'm here with the people, I'm happy to be too close to them, I mean, to my friends, they're with me. With the family, the sex, I was rejected, it's something very, very hard. I think of it, I don't want anyone to be rejected, because I think it's something very, very painful, and then it's very, very hard. But when you see these parties with the guys, the aunties, the stuff, for me, it's nothing. It's that, and you don't think there's a little hypocrisy? Yeah, a lot. How did you suffer? Yeah, a lot, a lot. I feel very, very hypocrite, people. I don't put them all in the same pan, but I'm good at that. I'm good at that. Absolutely. And then, I don't like that much, those kinds of things. And in the street, the shops, all that? Yeah, especially here, especially the... It's a bit of individualism, it's a bit of everyone for you here. You're not doing it, you're not doing it, it's the same price. That's it, now our... our Christmas file is over. On these various opinions of people we've seen, which I find interesting, I hope that the woman of our charming, our charming person interviewed to find her verb, yes? I have the impression that she's a little bit out of her mind. Maybe, maybe, but we get used to it. And then, to finish, to illustrate all that, a little song, last in life, that of Louis Shedid, in a song called Tonight is Christmas, and it's maybe a summary of what we wanted to say, a little bit of our own, against this party of hypocrisy. And the society, anyway. The world is facing its problems. For a few hours we forget everything, we put the good one everywhere. It's like another skin, under another mantle, there's like a snitch, tonight, tonight it's Christmas, everyone likes it, it's not like tomorrow, it's not like the old one, and tonight it's Christmas, everyone likes it, it's like a story, the parallel night, a lot of phenomena, it's not like tomorrow, it's not like the old one, tonight it's Christmas, like an illusion, a mirage, like a stop on the image, ignore only good news, an artificial paradise, tonight. And even if it's just a strange heart, despite the cold, it's full of winter, there's a special warmth, tonight. Tonight it's Christmas, everyone likes it, it's not like tomorrow, it's not like the old one, and tonight it's Christmas, everyone likes it, it's like an Irelia, the parallel night, a lot of phenomena, it's not like tomorrow, it's not like the old one, tonight it's Christmas, tonight it's Christmas. Yes, if you like the Brazilian Afro-Brazilian jazz, the bar space, the Thursday, excuse me, the group Fana Calo, the last day is tonight, it's been very good, the piano, the french buttock, the congas Daniel Jantan, and everything saxophone, flute, Paul Jörg. Otherwise, something else, next week, Thursday 16, Friday 17 and Saturday 18 January, destination in Antilles, an Antillais concert, from Leo Florimont. Always at the bar? Always at the bar, at the bar space. So if I put the time of the opening, Thursday is at 21 hours, and it lasts until 1 hour, Friday and Saturday it's from 21 hours to 2 hours, and the show starts at 21 hours 30. If you want to keep your tickets, it's at the micro cultural service. So now the exhibitions, Karine? Yes, so at the gallery Aparthe, which is a new small gallery, at the Rue Curta, not very famous, you will find in your plan. There is a new painting of 25 years, an exhibition, this painting is called Marc de Bernardis, and it's a young artist who lives in Vevet, and who has now finished his studies, not very long ago. And then it's little scenes, they call it pictorial sequences, which are a little like the BD, but it's pretty nice, it's very thin like that. And in fact, this painting takes in the media, in the newspapers, images that work in its own way, so it touches fashion images, but it also touches facts, about the family, and it works in its own way, it makes these feelings go through. So here it is, at the gallery Aparthe, at the Rue Curta 18, until the 1st February. I advise you. And then again, at the 1625 gallery, which is at the city, it's a gallery where the young people who are 16 to 25 years old, the young people, yes, the young artists, Julien and Nicolas are going to see it later, and at the moment, Jonathan De La Chaux, who exposes his paintings at La Crélique, where his sculptures are in macho paper, he's a young talent, who is 16 and who defends himself well. He has more than good painting, and good art, he has a good vision of the people who surround us, he's characters who expose him. It's also until the 1st February, at the 1625 gallery, Rue Cité Derrière 12. Another thing, an exhibition that has been going on since November, Mapple Torpe, a big American photographer, if you're interested, it lasts until 15 March 1992. It's in the future of General Guizon 85, take the bus number 8, stop at the Vernay stop, and if you don't know what it's about, even if we've talked a lot about it, it's about the photo, there are a lot of photos that could be pornographic, but what I found very impressive is that the technique of the photo goes before the subjects, and I'm not at all shocked, so there's everything we want, there are flowers, big beats, but it's... It's the flowers that have big beats? No, not the flowers, but the flowers. That's it. It's interesting to see if you like the photo. If you don't like the photo, but you like the cinema, we can like both, by the way. So, in the film tech, I'm not saying everything, but just next week, it's... It's... I'm sorry, people who like the Swiss cinema, there are almost films by Godard, and during the two weeks after, it's films in a high quality. It's for the 700th... Yeah, in 1992, we're in... We're in Switzerland, so it's okay. We're always late, anyway. Cinema again, Karine? Oh yes, in Bellevaux, but I'm going to let Céline say the name of the film, because I'm Italian, it's an Italian film, yes. It's Porta Borsa. That's what the waiter wants to say. It's nice, isn't it? And it's a film by Daniluccietti, with Nani Moretti and Silvio Orlando. It's a very nice film, it's a kind of comedy, where they attract politicians and corruption in Italy. It's done with a lot of finances and humour. It's in Bellevaux at 7pm and 11.30pm. And then again, I saw in the New Day a critique on air, they announced this film, and I'm addressing the people who saw it, and I'm going to read what they say, when sexual liberation passed through the capillary luxury. Air is a film about the 1970s, the mid-1970s, and it's a film that touches... It's a very nice musical comedy, that touches the army, all the big themes. And I found that the skiing there was easy, sexual liberation, luxury, it's supported by the Cicti Club. At 8.45pm, you can go tonight. It's great, of course. Before the premiere of the sound 2.8, Paris Seveille, we went to see it in Paris, and there's Judith Godreche, and there's a young, talented, totally promising... Antoine Basler, I'm speaking! Antoine Basler, we would call him... Antoine Basler! It's a very good film, I really liked it, and besides, Antoine Basler plays very well. Antoine Basler. How? My brother, one of our little colleagues, who talked about it in the pub. Antoine Basler, here. My life is a hell, what do you think? My life is a hell, personally, I didn't really like it, it's a bit... It's special, if you want to have fun, you can go... In my opinion, the script is a bit easy, but I think that after all, we can't reproach it, it's a fun, Julien liked it, so I advise you to watch this film, to give you an opinion, and then you'll call us to tell us what you thought of it. Noblesse Oblige. Noblesse Oblige is an old film, a few years ago, in black and white, with black humor, and it's really great. He's already been on TV. Yes, and now, richly, it's really great. We conclude this rubric, Tcm, Theatre, Cinema, Music, Exposition. Now, back to you, Céline. Yes, I just had something to say. I read the Swiss, from which date, it was on Sunday, 5th of January, and I was really hit by a title, so I read it to you, Drama, My Baby Carbonized, I found it really big, to sell these newspapers, journalists find it a bit random. I left it, you bought it, the newspaper... My dad! But... It's just to say that, sometimes I find... I find, personally, that the newspapers are a bit big. Another thing, Karine. Yes, so, on the 24th of January, we learn that there is, in Lausanne, there is a contest taking place, for the babies who are born on the first of January, and it's a little lion who won this year the Crab Ballet, crying the first in the arms of his mother, on nine people. It's the baby of happiness. Imagine the doctor who is there, and say, Madame, push, push!