 They call her Big Bamboo. She comes with that mandu. She gets a hold on a guy just like a bull and a chain. Baby, I don't need your Big Bamboo. She likes boom and chill. She got a bamboo move shining out of her eyes. Baby, I don't need your... Big speed of heaven and a feel like foam. Curvaciously powered from head to toe. Like a Mandarin goddess. Too hot for the job. She has big boys for breakfast like corner to cut. I've been a Romeo, smooth and slick. I've played a tough guy, but she's got that stick. No matter what I would try on, she's way ahead of the cocktail. She's way ahead of the Tomsom. Big Bamboo. She comes with that mandu. She gets a hold on a guy just like a bull and a chain. Baby, I don't need your Big Bamboo. She likes boom and chill. She got a bamboo move shining out of her eyes. So baby, I don't need your... Third degree passions putting hearts on the grill. I know some like it hot, but that is my kind of thrill. That line between pleasure and pain can't be finger. But who wants to boogie at the cost of their skin? I don't want to be leaned on like a cigarette spine. Looking over my shoulder till they beat it and die. I don't want to be loved to death by you. Like everywhere on this little blue orange, it will be 17 hours on Friday, January 3rd, 1992. 17 hours is the time of your rendezvous with the French expression song on the 102.8 of Acidule, the radio of the Lozanoise region. Battery. And radio connection with the base. Demand authorization of the road. That's it. Okay. Oxygen. Manet and Lys. Checklist finished and it's public announcement. The commander, little Kala and his crew, wishes you the best of luck on board this plane. We're going to fly in a few moments the summit of your life. So tighten your belt for take off. By emergency measures, it is recommended to remove your cigarette before using the anti-gay masks. Thank you. Good evening, all the pitiers team for the singer in full form, of course, for this beginning, 92 and very happy to find you. Until 18 hours, Annie Dornair, Olivier Robert, a technique Pierre Piguet, on the microphone. Earlier, we will make a broader understanding with Patrick Fonds and Philippe Valle, the afreux jojo of the French song, that's how we can name them. They are a little bit like the song that was Riser, the band, drawn. In short, you will see earlier here at 18 hours what they do in the artistic field of the song. But it seemed good to us today, for this January 3rd, to start these circumstances, to start this show with Bernadette Subirou. And her appearances, entitled J'arrête demain, you will see, it's a song for three good reasons. It seemed to us, because it's circumstances after the events, because it's funny, it's effective, it's short. And above all, it's news, it's new and it made us all simply happy. Listen carefully to this start of this song, we can say it on the hats of the wind. No, no, nothing, nothing. I don't regret anything. The night says, we sing, the night says, you will see, Mother says, under the shadow, and I say, Grand says, in bed, and her yes, also on Sunday, on the table, even on Sunday, on the table. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. I don't care, I'm spickling, you're varicent, I'm already preserved by alcohol, I don't want to die, you're so late. They're crazy, they're mad, they're not going to be able to be concerned with alcohol, and I don't want to be scared. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Mother says, under the shadow, and her yes, also on Sunday, on the table, even on Sunday, on the table. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will be tomorrow.