 I'm here for them to wear Do you love the monkey? I'll do you that way Why can't you do it? Why do I have to say that you're okay? You're okay Ay, ay, ay, ay I count to ten But I don't know how And I don't know when to open my eyes You can kiss me again Like you did to spell Like you did to sing Down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down Just do it again I've had the rest Now it's time I had the best So you tell me that you won't do anymore Oh well, I like your heart, Alexa But I think you know my best I'll keep on missing Baby, baby, I'll get what I'm asking for Why can't you do it? Why can't you slice your monkey free? I'm always given them to wear Do you love the monkey? I'll do you that way Why can't you do it? Why do I have to say that you're okay? You're okay Ay, ay, ay, ay Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay You and I, we are friends But I don't know how And I don't know when to open your eyes Open your eyes You see your room kiss back again Do you want him there? Like you did back then Like you did back then Don't do it again I've had the rest But your head is such a mess So I guess that I don't want to anymore Oh well, you think you care about me That you just can't do without me But you keep on missing Baby, till that monkey has you on the floor Why can't you do it? Why can't you slice your monkey free? I'm always given them to wear Do you love the monkey? I'll do you that way Why can't you do it? Why do I have to say that you're okay? Monkey, monkey, monkey, monkey Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay Why can't you do it? Why can't you do it? Monkey Man, I want to Man, I want Man, I want Man, I want Man, I want Man, I want to Man, I want to Man, I want to Baby, who's that? Don't look down There's a monkey on the way There's a monkey on the way Baby, who's that? Don't look down There's a monkey on the way There's a monkey on the way Baby, who's that? Don't look down There's a monkey on the way Why can't you do it? Why can't you slice your monkey free? I'm always given them to wear Do you love the monkey? I'll do you that way Why do I have to Man monkey Monkey Take it off Monkey Monkey Me Monkey, monkey Monkey Monkey Monkey Monster Monkey Monkey Monkey Monkey Monkey Monkey Monkey Monkey Monkey Monkey Monkeyispiel Bom Patrick everyone I would say that the beginning of history is the candidate for the European Championship, but not the European Championship, but the Olympic Games. We wanted to organize important events in all Olympic sports to test our working teams. These European Championship of skating were a test that would happen two years before the Olympic Games. That is why we are calling for these European Championship of skating. Can we say that the Olympic International Committee has played a decisive role in this case? I would say that, indeed, for the audience of this competition, the President of Saint-Marin has proven his influence to the International skating club to be a part of the Zannes. Your budget is 2,400,000, approximately. The city provides you with a support for infrastructure and logistics, but apart from that you have to find money. What are your main resources? The main resources are the TV rights. We have not been able to deal with them, since it is a contract made by the International skating club that understands all the skating competitions, speed skating as well. This will bring us a million francs-uisses, which is not a big deal today, since there is a part that is in dollars. The second big part is the international sponsors, those around the skating club, where there is a house that also meets the International skating club. This will bring us about 550,000 francs-uisses. The other is the spectators, which is also of 550,000 francs-uisses, which we hope to reach. We are not here today, but we hope to reach them by the end. Thanks to this event, this experience, with 500,000 francs-uisses, we were able to manage a number of additional structures. I think of isolation, I think of heating, I think of soundproofing. Will this material remain in the skating club or will we remove it after the championships? I would say that on the 550,000 francs-uisses that we are going to invest in, we, organization committees, apart from the city, there is not much that can remain. If there is only a certain number of telephone lines, etc., which are equipment that will remain, there are moquettes, things like that, which will recover, but for example, if there is no value, it will recover for a next event that will be in vain, it will be less for people who will organize, but for us, I would say that there is not much to recover and for the ice cream too, because the shade that is outside disappears. In conclusion, Gilbert Felly, the tickets are selling well, the Gala of Clôture is even complete, did you want to make very affordable prices? Yes, because there are always several policies in this kind of demonstration, and there are people who say it is an important demonstration, people have to pay. We are part of the idea that we had to keep popular prices, since the city had invested with the infrastructure, it also helps us in the case of the organization committee, and I think it is the right for everyone to come and see the demonstration. So we are going to put 200 additional places in the den, it will be a little more expensive than the others, but they will still remain in affordable tariffs. The proximity of the Olympic Games in the field of sports will give a bit of a piment to this demonstration. I think it is a demonstration that will have a retent, we see it by the name of Inscri, the press point, but I hope that the Losanois will understand it, and I hope that the Losanois will give a little bit of a support to the World Cup, to the CIO, by being present in the black-foot, in the shadows. Even if it is not a problem of pure money for the organization committee, it is a problem in the face of our others, to have a full black-foot, and I think it is important. Not so much in conclusion that the price community will certainly be a very good operation in this matter, since the majority of the taxes on the bills will come back to him, it will be a significant part of the CGM, and then the opening ceremony and the closure ceremony will be aggrieved by some tables, for the original, the table 1, scene of life in Uchi, the table 2, scene of life in the Pallus, let's gage some punks that will figure out on the ice, the history of illustrating the daily life of the city center. So make your way to the opening on the 20th of January, ladies and gentlemen, good day. Thank you Jean-Marc Richard, thank you Gilbert Felly, and I remind you that we have a whole series of bills to offer you, for the Wednesday, 22 January, at 4 o'clock, you can call to acquire these bills at 20.51.11. In a few moments, we will talk more in detail about these European champions of artistic skating, with Felly Sclément. Joyeux Noël! Every Saturday from 6.30 to 17.30, find Alex Sclément in Zébrat 3! I'm telling you, L A E is the last one, and U Dan is the last one, and T I is the last one, and you tell me... Search! Three! But you, do you need me? The Englishman too. I think it's time to go to the mass. Joyeux Noël! You're happy for you. And who says Noël says a gift? You're happy for you. And only in the winter. I'm going to tell you something. If all the other guys in the service could be like them, I wouldn't care if they were all happy. Joyeux Noël! Alex Sclément, you have to go. Every Saturday from 6.30 to 17.30, find Alex Sclément and Laurent Zibelman in your rock show Zébrat 3! Zébrat 3! Last train on the fast train, destination general. Thoughts that seem to draw me, heading for Transcential. Still I'm seeking something, and some things I'm seeking. And a carriage on the fast train, of the last train to Transcential. We've been waiting for years, and now it's here. Last train to Transcential. Take the last train. From South West City, on the downtown line. Last train to Transcential. Last train. I just need to find it. A brand new day is dawning, a life that will annoy me. A sign from the subconscious, an angel sent to guide me. The searchin' will be over, the car will not be gentle. And a carriage on the fast train, of the last train to Transcential. The cannon will take you there. Last train to Transcential. The liberation loophole will make it clear. On the last train to Transcential. This rock K-L-F is about, also known as the justified ancients of Luma. Furthermore known as the Jams. Transcential. The K-L-F on the 102.8 acid train from the F-M. And we're leaving right now, heading for the Malaise Black Pate, where we'll be running from Monday, 20 January 1992, the European Championship of Artistic Pate. Felix Clément, good evening, thanks for being with us. Good evening. You're the press leader for this event. Tell me, 24 countries represented, 130 competitors, 350 coaches, plus the judges, the doctors, the companions, 200 representatives of the media, it's a big infrastructure. It's a huge infrastructure, and you're talking about the media, obviously the proximity of the games of Albert Ville has given these European championships a whole other dimension. For many competitors, it's a last test. It's the last opportunity to measure yourself with the competition. And obviously that has moved many people, including Doutratlantique. Tell us, tell us a little bit about why you're talking about people from Doutratlantique. It really moves me so much. I'm quite surprised to be here, a Canadian channel, which will take part in its own images, and then for the little story, we'll be going every evening, either in Albert Ville or in the forecast of the Olympic Games, that their studios are already equipped, and from there, by this elite, to broadcast the images of these Europeans to Canada, at an hour that is suitable, and it would seem, according to the Canadian specialists, that it perfectly matches the scale. So these Europeans are very interested in the audience, both American and Canadian, but the Japanese will also be present as an observer. I think we can qualify these Europeans for many patinards, observation rounds, and then see some tests, or examine them, not miss. Of course. How do we actually take, how do we already welcome these European championships? You were motivated by the Olympic Games, sorry, which will take place soon. Where is this moment of thought? You say, here, a challenge for the OZAN, let's go, let's take the European championships for us, let's go, let's go. Mr. Fili, you mentioned earlier, it's actually, in fact, the failure of the Olympic Games, the OZAN-W, which has doubly motivated the OZAN-W, to have once at the OZAN a quality patinage show. For a long time, the Europeans had no place in Switzerland, you have to go back 16 years in Geneva to find the last ones on the Elvetic ground. And that was a motivation to say to ourselves, well now we want to be able to present to the Elvetic audience that they have not always been on television, but they are given the opportunity to follow these direct championships. And who more than champions, absolutely fantastic. We are obviously talking about the Duchenneis who are present. So we are talking about the Duchenneis, it's true that it's a completely extraordinary dance, which has revolutionized this discipline, these last years, but they will not be alone. The Duchenneis are one of the two world champions who will be present at the OZAN. The second is an artistic couple, it's the Soviet, Natalia Mitschutchenyuk and Arthur Dmitriev. They are world champions by couple, just maybe in two words. So the artistic couples have the right to do jumps, pirouettes, to leave on the ice for a few moments contrary to the dancers. And this Soviet couple is worth being seen, it is absolutely extraordinary. It's a couple that is giving a new lust to this discipline. And then there will be a world champion, it's the Ukrainian Victor Petrenko, who is a world champion of the European title and who is the world champion of the world. So the board is very beautiful, in dance, we can also point out that we will find all the medals of the world champion of Munich in March last year, since we will have Marina Klimova and Sergei Ponomarenko, Maya Uzova and Alexandre Joulin, these last ones in particular, which are a couple absolutely extraordinary. And for the little story, the choreography was set up by a Swiss choreographer. So let's talk about Swiss, there is a nice representation, what do you think of these champions? So, at the time, it's not customary, Switzerland is represented in the four categories, where we will find, at the ladies, the young girl Natalie Krieg, she is 14 years old, she comes from Vienna, she was distinguished in Europe in January last year in Sofia, this girl is probably even the best pirouette of the world, she is able to present 35 different pirouettes, of course she can't do it in her program, but if you ask her to do it, she can, at the training, present 35 different pirouettes, all more complicated than the others, until she teaches that in Sofia, the whole press was in the same as her image, her reputation had been up to Atlantique since she was one of the rare guests, there are only 10 participants, in the United States, in California, and she was invited last year, in 1991, to be really very, very well-known. For the boys, there is a very young one too, Patrick Meier from Winterthur, since we know, we can remember it, maybe that Leverner had to stop the competition, then he had a health problem in the hips, and then in the artistic group, the Anois who will be on the ice, Leslie Cédric Monot, they have 16 years old, it's the youngest group in Lys, and then in dance, we will have Ballois, Valérie Lottensorere and Jürg Kinsley, they are 21 years old, and they will participate in their first European competition, the only one who has already been aligned with the elite of our continent, it's Nathalie Krig, as we said earlier to Sofia, all the others will make their first appearance. I suppose that in the Can, in the Ozanois, the hearts will beat very, very fast for the Mono couple? They will beat even faster than the Mono, Mono have a real chance to qualify for the Jio, if they beat well, the Orange I believe will not be very important for them, it is much more important that they beat well, that they show everything they know how to do, but finally that they are 8th, 9th or 7th or 10th, I think it's not that important, the essential thing is that they make a good impression, in the face of the judges of course, and in the face of the public too, and then they can go to Albertville, but to have talked to them, they do not make a fixation, they will do the best they can, and I think the public will discover them with pleasure, it's a young couple who train with a lot of seriousness, and it's worth seeing. How do we actually reconcile a high level training such as the one that has to practice the Mono couple, and their life of college and gymnastics, how does that happen? It's not very easy, at the beginning, a boy and a girl, who already have a lot of will to practice both disciplines, school, sports, or sports and school, then they need a family available too, because they have to go and look for children at school, bring them to the black shoe, the path is also reversed, it takes time, there are travelings to do, it's not very easy, it's in no way comparable to what we can find in American universities, or what training was in the East. What is this noise? Could there be some tests on the side of... Yes, you are there, Felix Clément? What's going on? I don't know. I don't know, there was a weird noise. Very good. I would just like to know, Felix Clément, if you have to motivate our auditors, and many of them have called to get tickets for the 22nd of March, I remind you that you can continue to do it, calling on the 21st of May, what would you tell them to give them the desire to see this great competition? If you talk about the March 10th, it's a... The March 10th, even last month, the rest of the week. Yes, let's talk about the March 10th, it's a big day, because there will be three disciplines in the list, there will be the morning of 9 o'clock, the dance imposed, the du Chne, which will present their dance, and we can sign it by going through the entry, it will cost us only five francs, so we can see the du Chne for five francs Swiss. My God, the real efforts were made, as said Gilbert Féli, to give a little bit to everyone the chance to become a part of these European champions. Absolutely. How did we get there? It's completely incredible. I think the essential, the committee of organization, as well as the public, we had to keep a black patina, we had to fill it with the public, the organizers wanted to give the public the zanois and the environs the opportunity to see the Haif, all these patinas, and the opportunity is indeed beautiful, the plateau is promising, and the prices are at the top, so we hope the public will answer. Of course. We hope for you too, in any case, Félix Clément, thank you for being with us for this Panorama Magazine, we will certainly have the opportunity to talk again, maybe even next week, because we are trying to get an interview if it is live or live, to record some of the channels, and then Cédric and L.S. Limoneau, as well as other Swiss participants, these are European champions, who start, who start on Monday 20th. The opening ceremony is on Tuesday. Tuesday. Yes, absolutely. Thank you very much, Félix Clément, for being with us. It's us who thank you. I wish you good luck, in any case, for these European champions. We take good notes, we thank you very much, and thank you Radio Assidule, good evening. Thank you, good evening to you too. We will meet again in a few moments for the continuation of this Panorama Magazine. I hope you enjoyed it, and we will see you again. Thank you very much. Thank you.