 Good evening, dear audience. Good evening, dear audience. We will see you again this late afternoon on Radio Asidule, the Radio of the region, the Lozanoise, the Vaudoise, and the Manic, who please, since I think you are listening. We continue our program this late afternoon with Pays de Vaud, Sigues Sibaud, with the regie Yvonne Paudet, who will give us a pleasant folk music and the micro Gaston Péret, your custom animator. We will talk about the dead, more specifically, because yesterday evening, a little before 8 p.m., it was a real little political bomb that was shot on the coast of Coquette, just a few minutes before the expiration of the presentation of the candidate for the chair of the power of the Morgiene municipality. And indeed, it was almost, we were going to say, a tour of Gerniak. No one was expecting it. The radicals who had made their feet to their libero friends helped them to remind them of the services they benefited from during previous elections, since they had elected a municipal of Lentente. And then the liberals had a second seat in the municipality, in the person of Mr. Fessler. So it was a little bomb because by talking about my relatives, we can say that there is one thanks to the Morgiene group, and indeed, the group of Lentente-Morgen was expressed in its words recently, following the dismissal of the municipality of Mr. Werner-Saurer, and seeing complementary elections that will take place. Lentente-Morgen gathered on Monday, January 20, an extraordinary assembly to define its position in the current events. So on the occasion of this assembly, President Friedrich Jomini was able to greet a number of former members of the municipal council and the municipalities as well as sympathizers. The Morgiene Lentente, who did not exclude Jomini's presentation of a candidate for the next election, however, did not find anyone available in his ranks. That is why, by the way, his President Friedrich Jomini was able to remain cautious when the candidate was presented by the other parties. So Lentente did not acquire any candidates, and she kept the possibility to decide afterwards. So that's what she did yesterday, in the day, and proclaimed yesterday at 8 p.m. less than a few minutes. Let's start with Mr. Werner-Saurer. When he announced his resignation, it was good to have a little discussion of the ten years of activity of the municipal council of the municipality of Morgen as the head of the public education and buildings, so that the council could resume this date of the 29th of February, because we remember that we are in a year of sex, and there are 29 days in February. So, on the other hand, his dialogue spirit has pushed him to create, in the context of the school round-up, a unique management council in the canton. Next to the building, he left several beautiful buildings, restoration of the hotel, reflection of the Kouvaloudis, and some hot dossiers, including the casino and the grace. In the image of the man, Werner-Saurer's resignation did not result in a thunderous blow in the city's sky, his departure and the fruit of a reflection wall. The rest, Jean-Michel Pellegrino, also indicates himself as a companion of radical parties and of shooting, of shooting at the weapons of war. The missionaries did not even try to dissuade Mr. Sauert. It is true that all those who frequent the municipal council knew that this latter never took a decision lightly, causing some health problems, as well as other professional obligations. Mr. Sauert leaves the school's Dicaster after ten years of intense activity. Even if the announcement of this decision took place on December 17, already in the municipal council, the radical Sauert will definitely give up its functions until February 29, after its successor was elected by the morgians on February 14, 15 and 16. So, it is indeed the date that this complementary election will take place. The municipal council was in the school's buildings until February 29. As a municipal council, the Dicaster would have followed the construction of the Beaucebure and organized its function, a very satisfying implementation. In the school chapter, it actively participated in the implementation of the school reform. In the Morge school's school's framework, it concerns 33 municipalities, it was the instigator of an original form of management of the school. It declared that it wanted to create a dialogue space with all municipalities in the school through the council's management. This body, not planned by the Quentin, is composed of representatives of each municipality. If this council has no decision-making power, it is consulted and informed as soon as possible of the budget, of the accounts and of the investments that are made in the context of the arrangement. Under the leadership of the rest, since the implementation of this original system and unique in the Quentin-de-Vaux, the arrangement has no financial problems. A situation in which Mr Sauert may be proud. Note that the disaster of this municipality is particularly charged. Indeed, besides the school's responsibility, it has taken over the buildings. Among the company's reorganization and finishings under its direction, we point out the restoration of the city hotel in 1986, the reflection of the old school in Couvelloudis, soon used by social services, the social medical center, or the house of Seigneux, which will soon be occupied in the name of the police hotel by the Marais-Chausset-Morugiennes. Of course, there are hot documents. As the school's principal says, the building should be filled with its successor. But in this area, the task will be very heavy, because the hot spots are numerous. Note that the casino, which no one knows what to do, the farm of La Gracieuse, now classified as a historical monument, and the farm of the Brasserie du Théâtre de Beaus-Sobre, on which a commission currently stands, well equipped and less attractive, set for a passion for challenges. Mr. Soraire gives one advice to the one who will take his place. For his successor, I remind him, you must be convinced of what we have done. Hot documents, the opinion of the head of the commission is clear. Regarding the farm of La Gracieuse, there is a logic that we would like to put this building on the ground. A solution now impossible. For the casino, we try to find a solution together with the building of the street of Louis Savoie 3335, what we call the prisons in the heart of Morge. I would like to say that even if the problem of the Brasserie du Théâtre de Beaus-Sobre has affected me a lot, this one is not the cause of my departure, Mr. Soraire. And there, this will not avoid the link between this affair and this issue. In his letter of resignation, this honest man did not lack to formulate the will that municipal projects could be debated in an atmosphere of essential serenity and above all, an example of all the spirit of suspicion. This is what we will see later. So we are in Morge, in the face of the next complementary election of the municipality to replace Mr. Verners-Oreurs. So the games are not done, but the parties have taken positions. There are three candidates who were designated. To all gentlemen, all honors are starting with Adam, the radical candidate, Madame Claire Cachin-Goldenshoo, who was plebiscite by her party, so the radical party, she is in the seat of the municipality. So the radical party, which was the last meeting under the president Jean-Claude Jautran, who was a father, has entered the proposal of the committee and the group and the community council by appointing Claire Cachin as candidate for the municipality. So as we said, the radicals have played the feminist card. Where they have been called to succeed in Verners-Oreurs, respected personalities who deserve a recognition without sharing the part of the population. As soon as the submission of Verners-Oreurs was known, the radical party has stated its intention to not help this seat. So they play the feminist card, presenting Claire Cachin-Goldenshoo, a woman politically engaged and in associative life. She deserves our complete trust and unconditional support, affirms President Jautran, by suggesting that the radical party should not be allowed to contest the vacant seat. Let's remember that on this Sunday, the radical party occupies generally three seats. And to recall the morgue, and the liberal party, the support that radicals have given them during the 1989 elections, reciprocity and half-declared. She does not seem to be the candidate of the Lenten party, who at that moment, does not have the vacant seat, but wants a candidate or a strong candidate. And consequently, she is not the candidate of any candidate. Claire Cachin's candidate does not have the unanimity, apparently, within the Morgue Lenten family. Yet, the radical candidate answers to the demands of the candidate, a member of the community council since 1986. She has been the secretary since 1987. She is also the secretary of the radical party, of the Morgue Lenten family, and of the Coral meetings of Morges in 1993. Coral meetings of Morges, the new name of the Quentinale party of the Vaudois singers, that the youth council did not want to organize, but that a Adoc committee will organize for 1993. Claire Cachin is still responsible for the organized receptions in the city. She was active within the Swiss feminist gymnastics association and the reformed parish. Secretary of the Limmouette Folklore Group, she also preserves her voice to the 85 vocal groups, that is, Pierre Arne, and to the heart of Jean-Sébastien Barc de Lozan. But it is not only her voice that should be the valoir to those of the voters. She will, of course, be the opponent of a socialist candidate who was designated shortly after. It was the situation last week. So when we read some more in the Morges press, of Madame Cachin, she proclaims that she says, if I am elected, I want to make sure that I will devote 100% of my time to my new function. I will leave my criteria of the municipal council, the one of the association, the Morges region, and the party. We can still ask ourselves the question where Madame Claire Cachin, Golden Sou, will take all the time she needs for her activities outside of her manager's office since Madame Cachin has 22 and 25 sons. A life that is very well filled is to think that Madame Cachin has the help of size to fill all her mandates. And I am sure that Madame Cachin will be the one to take all the time she needs for her activities. Madame Cachin, she is the one to take all the time she needs for her activities. Madame Cachin, she is the one to take all the time she терmeur, she is the one to take all the time she needs for her activities. The Liberal Party supports, of course, the candidate of Madame Claire Cachin, Golden Sou, and we expressed ourselves in her terms, Mr. Tissot, the president of this region who was the representative of the Liberal Party and who will make the decisions of the Liberal Party and of the Liberal Party who will make the decisions of the Liberal Party Mr. Tissot, the president of this group who said that the Liberal Party had made the decision to not present candidates to the municipality during the complementary elections of 16 February because in effect the Liberal Party already has two municipal advisers to know Mr. De Haller and Mr. Fessler So we said, except for a particular event we will support Madame Claire Cachin, who is a radical candidate So we are satisfied with this presentation and then we will go back to the other so we conclude a sharing of the ensemble that we want to preserve during the 1993 elections so we are fixed on the point of view of the Liberals Now we come to the socialists candidates who were designated on the next day or the next day of Madame Cachin in the person of Mr. Jacques Bindon So it is in a relaxed atmosphere that with precision and efficiency President Pierre-François Lényel led the debates after a brief historical call of the socialists' trajectory in recent years The president is in the words of Eric Vauru who represents to him only the 14% socialists present within the municipality Even if I have the power to defend the line of the municipal declaration party it is absolutely necessary that I find a companion within this municipality I hope that by the end of February 16 who will see the complementary election to celebrate a victory we will have in the population a large group of sympathies which we must take advantage of So the socialists will now try to take the seat lost two years ago at the start of Madame Jean-Pretre of the municipality of Morgienne when there was this famous duel between Jean-Michel Pellegrino and Madame Francine Jean-Pretre who declared not wanting to stay at the municipality if she was not elected So we can talk a little bit about this Mr. Jacques Bindon who is eminent whose candidate did not like a surprise because Jacques Bindon is resting at the Radical Clair-Cachin it is not a very big problem for him so he decided to leave So through an analysis of the situation we can justify a socialist candidate with the support of the ecologists So currently the socialist and ecological sensitivity is underrepresented there is the municipality where it only has a representative So Mr. Eric Voru while the two groups form the third of the Council this complementary election is an opportunity which is presented to restore equity within the executive the theme is to support naturally by all the socialist groups and even the former municipal and national council Francine Jean-Pretre This is a roundabout we have to present a candidate the relationship of strength is completely unbalanced so we declare unique candidate, Jacques Bindon was unanimously supported by the Assembly engineer and T.S. established in March 1973 he has a long political experience He joined the Socialist Party in 1977 he is a member of the Committee since 1978 he presides the regional of the coast Council of Communals active member of many commissions he presided the Council of Communals in 1988 and currently presides the group of the Socialists and the Independent Jacques Bindon is a judge at the Prudhomme Tribunal member of the Intercommunal Council of the Appuration of the Morgen region we also find him in several associations in social character If we celebrate last Tuesday we celebrated in Inumain, on January 24th and with Jean-Pierre Coinday we commemorate the Vaudois today we take the habit and remain in Vaudois with the famous trio of the Vaudois quarter of the time There is also that they have the most important voice contrary to what is happening in the other estates that would already be an explanation more appropriate there is another thing to consider is that women exercise their power as dominators dominators, that's what you mean since no one hears us so much about things you said that women exercise their power as dominators that in countries where men are monogamous polygames cross women in a arena and everything is 10 what makes that more and more we have fear that we will be caught no, no, it's like the bus when we have one we would make the right foot to touch the right foot whereas the people who have hundreds they don't even want to see it anymore what do you want? I was told that we are going to open the door to do it it's this kind of property that we have in our house we wanted to have each woman in the night we are prisoners how? it's like at all the saviors for example they didn't have that much hair for their land when the price was cut off from the small part of the next they said that when we get old when we pay the mortgage and everything we become like a slave all our life we will open the door to smoke and I don't know what very very very very very especially because it's this habit that creates the shelves and that's where the evil happens it creates the shelves and if you didn't have time to do it the mill would be half a dozen think about it, we were going to go after him so as soon as he got it he would do the most of the camping, the most of the chateau the most of the mud, the mud and so on and as already in that time I was no longer a mentor like me you won the hand? just now we are here and as always we exaggerate we exaggerate without that, what would it be? I'm right but I think we are waiting to find the explanation of the side of women I bet we are going to need something tomorrow imagine living in a chicken house to eat and to sleep chickens and chickens that are going to civilization chickens would stay at home to feed the farmers and feed the farmers and chickens would be happy all day long and we would be looking for food imagine that a chicken is smarter than the others who would have the long sides I'm always bothered to go to the market to buy some land for the mother I'm an open-minded person I'm waiting for the customers they are like they say, they take the pattern and they paint it and a few days later they don't see their chickens coming back to the chateau usually chickens are worried they find their chickens playing with their chicken they feed the chickens even if they don't see that their chicken is looking at the chicken with a funny face understood you see that's my explanation I guarantee that the day will come that the chickens will be their first challenge and that as soon as tomorrow they will start to walk what would make men forced to invest in assemblies, congregations and politics to be able to go out at night and that's a problem what's in it is civilization what makes this learning a block to be left out well, as soon as it's done I'm for the status quo oh my god, especially after all women despite all their troubles and we also have the transverses oh, even less so, they still have the street of Barcauters look at the caravans if you weren't looking for a woman to attack and the horse would have given up go up, go up, go up the village would have given him a status quo to the woman in the caravans but tell me since we are talking about that why can't you, god, not spend a day without telling your women's troubles and I'm a man because you don't think about half of it I have to admit that the average salary is 250% what's the original salary it's not the original salary it's the Dijian's salary and then, here's an unexpected explanation not at all let's be honest we three, for a quarter of an hour we go together from 15 to 15 days it happens to us more often than in our turn we don't agree oh, so we don't get bored of friendship on the contrary, because we explain ourselves so with our women if we stayed 25 years together day and night, we always agree we would be healthy and that's probably why healthy people stay with their children it's their simple life that's it I think marriage is like a flu you go out on a good day you take two or three times a week in a flat spot and everything the next day, I'll be back come here if you get to don't have to go out it's been three days, a week, ten days and then you'll have the rest in your bed with horses different doctors three pharmacy vials and complications in the wedding, if we stayed all day to get our little children back in there, two simetrile vials and then a good day big price big day, complications you bring to the universe lack of hygiene with the health, it's just to make the moods go out little by little day after day only, it's a method women there, we have the house that makes a noise that we don't even keep like a man who doesn't even hear that his ear is red so much that he's in his ear and we men, we're under the sun in tropes our tropes full of bile we're going to come and try that of the women who run through the kitchen that makes good normal we can look at each other without causing an explosion and when we arrive at 25 when we start shopping, we'll open the bay for a couple of days it's going to be the same thing look at politics if all those villages who yell at me against voting against my elections there's no way I'll be more sad by this time, we won't be able to hold a speech outside of a legislature right, the system's bridge is that they have 4 years to take and when the votes arrive here's the good news, the municipality's content and everything we'll swear in the Vagabond see, we're holding too much people are jumping and when everything's occupied here's the good news so, gentlemen t regret why daar heraus do Jongkhun should something like you do still it's a maker garantie an end when you come you will don't even most of your health claire cash in golden soup the socialist monsieur jacks binden nosa nary bonhôt a m la ron dans cette faite politique les élections municipalité plusieurs personnes pour un siège nous avons relâtais au début de cette émission comme je le cites matin sur les endroids du acidule en même temps que l'annoncé 24 heures ce petit coup tordu comme on pourrait dire cette petite bombe politique l'entente morgène présente donc son troisième candidat en la personne de monsieur andré jacquinais candidat de l'entente morgène alors cette qu'à dire on a frappé fort puisqu'on voulait un candidat fort car en effet ce n'est que hier soir quelques minutes avant 18 heures c'est à dire le délai final pour déposer les candidatures que on a annoncé cette nouvelle présentation alors c'est une surprise andré jacquinais pensait donc ancien municipal qui entre en lice alors que l'on s'acheminait vers un duel gauche droite qui aurait opposé la radicale claire cachin au socialiste jacques binden l'entente morgène fait diversion en déposant quelques minutes avant l'échéance du délai une troisième candidature démarche surprenante puisque l'entente disait n'avoir pas pu trouver de candidats disponibles oui en effet et je sais que c'est une grande qualité dont tienne compte les radicaux avec madame cachin c'est sa disponibilité alors on avait la peine à l'entente de trouver une personnalité disponible et la surprise se teinte d'incrédulité quand on prend connaissance du nom du candidat andré jacquinais ancien municipal de l'entente morgène voilà qui met du piment à cette élection complémentaire en toute logique dit-il mes chances sont nulles à moins que le peuple soit raisonnable qui le pense sans rire qu'est andré jacquinais frédéric gemini président de l'entente morgène pour sa part a fiché une confiance plus marquille notre candidat a des chances si nous avons finalement décidé de présenter quelqu'un c'est parce que nous avons l'impression que les candidats radicals et socialistes ne répondent pas à ce que la population atteint nous proposons une alternative bien-conscient que nous allons provoquer un balotage au premier tour l'attachement que monsieur jacquinais porte à sa ville et qu'il invite à se mettre à disposition à disposition de l'entente donc monsieur jacquinais je le signale est unologue et a fait carrière a changé notamment à son initiative j'ai bien hésité mais j'ai eu beaucoup de satisfaction durant les 8 années passées à la municipalité et je ne m'estime pas encore trop vieux de plus je ne suis pas un homme de parti travaillé dans le seul intérêt de la ville cite et précise monsieur jacquinais et de souligner que la représentation proportionnelle revendiquée par le parti socialiste n'est pas une formule heureuse dans le sens qu'elle entraîne l'élimination de candidats valables André jacquinais est membre fondateur de l'entente morgène en 1965 il a siégé au conseil communal qu'il a présidé en 1970 jusqu'à son élection à la municipalité qu'il a quitté en 1985 sa candidature provoque des remous particulièrement chez les radicaux qui comptaient sur le soutien total de l'entente morgène pour élure et lire leurs candidats à eux alors voilà qui va en effet pigmenter cette élection car en effet on peut bien supposer que l'on va en premier tour devant un balotage général et il est fort à parier que nous devrons retourner pour un deuxième tour mais nous verrons à quelle source les trois candidats seront apprêtés qu'elles seront les voix peut-être y aura-t-il des surprises peut-être est-ce un coup de bâton dans l'eau mais enfin il est normal que dans notre démocratie on a eu tendance à venir dictatorial qu'on puisse s'exprimer et qu'on puisse trouver trois candidats pour ce siège et gageant que la lutte sera chaude ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... After this tour of the three candidates, let's see what the syndic, Jean-Michel Pellegrino, of the municipality thinks. After 1991, a qualified candidate, should offer more positive views. The syndic of Jean-Michel Pellegrino will see the renaissance of the debate on the casino. The municipality will think, on the other hand, of its internal organization. Indeed, following the disavows, the question of the renovation of the casino will be obligatory. The municipality is still looking for a financial partner for a global casino project, and the whole house of the Pellegrino. At this end, the municipality has taken contact with specialized companies in the construction of this important project. We ask them for complete studies, when they can do it, and find us interested partners. This will allow the municipality to set its own contribution. The municipal council will speak about this in the coming spring. The final budget will not be presented before 1993. We do not want to have a new tax raise this year, except for in the case of a major disaster. Our interlocutor, the syndic of Morges, wants to reassure himself, despite the fact that the tax raise has been approved last year, and the deficit is inscribed in the budget. Some signs before the run-up will allow us to find an improvement for the next year, he says. In July last year, the construction of the new black patinoir will continue throughout this year. The work should be finished as planned in November next. On the question of possible financial spending, Jean-Michel Pellegrino opposes a reserve fund. It is difficult to say that we are holding a plan, as the rediscover of the mineral water supply, which slowed us down. So mineral water is on the set of the old and the future black patinoir of Morges. Anyway, the council will be informed in time. I regret the submission of Werner Sauer, he says, even if I have not been surprised. It is my question that he has accepted, already two years ago, to extend his mandate in order to ensure the follow-up of important documents. During these ten years of activity, there are no less than 22 million francs who have been devoted to the maintenance of buildings. On the syndic, responding to the attacks recently launched against the municipality. What is Jean-Michel Pellegrino's view on a reorganization of the executive? We have addressed this problem, this theme, two years ago, without making any decisions. The municipality will think about the issue in a few weeks. Personally, Mr Pellegrino says, I think we should do something. Personally, as a citizen, Morges also thinks that he should do something. Because, currently, the municipality of Morges can only have Triste Minne. Did not she undergo five major failures in 1991? The report to the State Council against the Reconciliation of Signatures by the Socialist Party on the Place de l'Hôtelville, Municipality des Avouées, blames of the municipal council in the Beauceau case, the credit of 200,000 francs that has not been submitted to the municipal council. The association of Morges Savings for the Minable Ruin of Kouvalou. And the duty of the parliamentary immunity of Madame Francine-Jean-Pretre Haberne, our federal parliament did not hesitate. And now, the case of the casino, the arrest of the State Council for the closure. Now, we have brought a little bit, thanks to the car, the closure is planned for the end of the year. So it is clear that the municipality, in my opinion, could and must certainly buy an attitude. And that's it, we arrive at the end of our broadcast of the late afternoon Tuesday. Life begins at 60, from 16 hours, country of your so beautiful, so beautiful, at 17 hours. We thank you for your listening, we give you a meeting on Tuesday next. Good evening and see you soon.