 Size. Screen, 3 minutes on the 102.8 Dacidule, the Radio de la Région Lozanoise. We are pleased to be able to see you today on this screen, Miguel Stoucky, you are the director general of Métrociné, who is, I think, in good part, the majority of the theaters in Lozanoise. Yes, good evening. Good evening. I think it represents about 75%. That's it. Around. Two, three words like that. To have an idea, François Becker, good evening. We may recall Bertrand and Cuyen technique and a musical program called Inespice. That's it. We have in front of us a little half hour to talk a little bit at the beginning of the year of the Lozanoise capital cinema, let's say, of its future, things to modify, things, new things, maybe you will bring us, I don't know. And we also took the initiative to meet the public of Lozanoise in the Lozanoise rooms these last few days. By asking them three questions, you will hear them again during the interview. The idea was a little bit to know their opinion on the programming of the films in Lozanoise capital, if the programming they liked, in the end, if they found their account on the cinema program. Then a second question was very about the comfort of the rooms, both visually and visually, I would say, there are flaws, there is a place and things like that. And then on the policy of prices, subscription, and what we offer them in front of a cinema box. So I propose you, at first, maybe listen to what the public of Lozanoise thinks and then the discussion will be open. Here, sir, I wanted to ask you what do you think of the programming of films in Lozanoise theaters? Do you like programming in general? Yes, I like it a lot because, in any case, I have the subscription. So I will have a lot of films in general. Every week, every two weeks. And then I think there are a lot of rooms, it's very diversified as a movie proposal, so it has for all tastes. Do you like the cinema in itself? Because comfort, for example, visual, comfort is also more material, do you like it in the rooms? In general, I find it very good. Yes, there are small rooms, more intimate. In general, the films are well proposed. That is to say, there are no big films, a big show in small rooms. So I think it has a good tri. And then, in general, comfort is enough for me. We are well seated. No problem, the sound is quite good in general. And what are the prices? How do you react to prices in a room, in front of a cinema box? Well, as I told you, I have the subscription. So I have French stocks. So now, soon, it will be 7 francs. So there, I find it advantageous. On the other hand, if we pay the full price to 12 or 13 francs or 14 francs, plus, if we have several, finally, all the family, I think it's a little expensive. So you shouldn't be surprised because few people, few families, they go to the cinema. You talk about a subscription, how many views per year? Around? It implies 24 views per year or 25. That is to say, you have to count all the two weeks, you have to go to the cinema. But me, personally, it's been several years, but I have this subscription and it's very good. Thank you. Here, madam, are you satisfied with the programming that Alozane offered you in terms of cinema? In some cinemas, yes. I will quote them. The beautiful, the beautiful, the choosy word. And the programming is more important than comfort. Are you satisfied? So comfort, you talk about comfort in the rooms, do you feel well seated? Do you think that the screen is big enough, the sound is high? It depends on the rooms, but it's less important than the programming, even the quality of the film. What is your reaction to the price of a cinema box? Always too expensive. Even the conditions of the subscription that they offer? Yes, all the alvetti culture that is too expensive, fun, cinema, tea, books, should have much more price. So, sir, are you satisfied with the programming of the films that Alozane offered you in the rooms? No, unfortunately. Some films disappear too quickly, some others never arrive. Here. Listen, comfort, is the visual comfort or are the photos satisfying you? Yes, in a way, it's a special remark. Listen, what is your reaction to a... expensive. The conditions of the subscription that they offer? Yes, certainly. But it remains expensive. The only thing... No, there is not so much extraordinary interest, it remains very expensive. The only thing unsupported, well, I will not repeat myself, it's still this story of three francs, tax, obligatory, go drink coffee, eat ice cream. No, no, no. Here, it was Resy. Thank you. It seems to me that yes, so there is very good film. That's why I'm here. There are three possibilities. If you buy a subscription, like filiality, we have a very good price. It allows you to go very often to the cinema, improve certain things, in certain cinemas, so a little bit of leisure. It makes me happy. The price is quite high, indeed, especially for families. It depends on the rooms, certain rooms are quite impeccable. Some are a little less comfortable, that's true. It's leisure, the width of the square, for people also, the people who are quite big, so sometimes it's worth it to break up, that's true. So I would have the proposition, is that we take the contracts, we find that it cuts the atmosphere of the film, it's very regrettable. Yes. A little bit of everything, it's varied. What I see less easily, for example, on the other hand, are the comic films. But otherwise, I'll see a little bit of everything. Well, often I don't have time to see all those that I want to see, because it's not quite enough time. The subscription formulas, I have the sign and fidelity card, that's not bad. Otherwise, it's a little expensive. A lot of tariff, it's a little expensive. Sometimes the screens are too small, in general, the seats are comfortable. Here, I compare with Geneva, so in general. No, nothing special, no. It depends. Sometimes yes, sometimes no. The films of the Westerns or the police films, yes, absolutely. I think it's too expensive. Well, I'm not subscribed, but I find it too expensive for those who don't feel it. I think it's good. Yes, except that I think there is not enough science on the V.O. Finally, there is just one per film, per day, it's not enough. Well, the comfort of the photos, I think it's okay everywhere. It's true that there are some small rooms that are not very pleasant for the vision of the film, but in general, it's okay. No, there are subscriptions possibilities that are quite advantageous. I think it's okay for that. Yes, I find it too bad because it's not been long since I lived in Lausanne and I was expecting to have better films than Neuchâtel in July. And in general, I realized that films come out before Neuchâtel and Geneva, and not Lausanne, which is a big city, so it's a bit of a shame. No, I rather look at the decor of the rooms, and then there are some small rooms like Bourg, which I really like. Other, I don't look too much. But for example, Palace No. 2, a very small room, and it still has good films, and it's a bit of a shame that the price is the same as in Romandie. No, not at all. Well, I have a subscription and it's been several years, so I don't really realize the actual prices anymore. But it's still a 25 coupons subscription per year, which means that you have to go once every two weeks, which is still a lot. And I think that for young people, cinema is quite expensive in general. Yes, I find it too bad that the card is a passable that we can't invite someone, and that it is not valid in Geneva, for example. So we have a bit of a welcome. In some ways, we are not making very precise statistics, but it's interesting to see the questions that the audience raises. I have three points again. We have, among others, the programming, people are relatively satisfied. I think maybe a question we would like to ask you, is how it is when you see a film in preview, how it is then distributed in the rooms of the Lozanoise capital? For programming, it may be interesting for the public to know that ultimately, the exploiter, he can't say much about two essential points. First, it's the film. I think there are several people interviewed who have it. It is clear that if there are very good films, we can estimate that the programming is good, and then if the films are less good or less interesting, we will say where the programming is not good. But I think the exploiter, it's quite clear, he can't do anything. Everything depends on production. And therefore, every year, the French producers, the American producers, bring us as a masterpiece, or on the contrary, as a mistake. Secondly, on the release dates, it also depends on companies and strategies that decide on the national or international level. So, for example, Warner, who just released now JFK, planned a release at the European scale at the end of January. So there, the exploiter is seen to impose a date, which is on Friday, January 24th for all of Switzerland. And so he has not intervened. So, on the other hand, the intervention is clear. It is in the choice of the room. Again, there too, you have to negotiate with the distributors because I do not hide that all distributors wish that their film goes to the Lozano. So, you have to try to convince them that it may not be the room most appropriate for all films. So, that's where the exploiter intervenes. And indeed, we try to visually, well, we try to systematically view all the films before their release to choose the room that seems the most appropriate for us, depending on the size of its screen, depending on its capacity in many faulties, depending on its style too, depending on the habit of the audience, because it is true that the audience is used to having some kind of film in some rooms. So, you have to try to respect and continue in this voice. That's what is in the big lines of the programming. But finally, I think you have to say it well, and that's what comes out all the time. What is decisive is the quality of the films that are made to us professionals, but also to the audience. And that, unfortunately, we cannot intervene on it. One interesting thing, maybe, Miguel Sugui, you have the opportunity, through this interview, made by Olivier Raymond, to meet the audience of the rooms. But what is your reflection, do you have the audience the rest of the year or in other circumstances? Do you welcome the life of people who sell tickets? How can we, when we are directors of film directors, have the public's life or keep in mind? How can we do that? We proceed in two ways. The first, which is quite classic and traditional, that is to say, we do market studies. We will inquire through the questionnaire, or interviews, or it's done by phone, it's done by writing, it's done by live audience. We will welcome the public's life, in an example, as representative as possible, on its habits, on its desires, on its tastes, on its critics, on its compliments. That's the first way to do it. And then, of course, there is contact, day by day. I am very often in the cinema rooms, my collaborators too, of the sort that we welcome, warmly, most of the time, these impressions. I greet, by the way, your little research work. I would perhaps say that it seems to me that most of the people who have been interviewed, and it's certainly by chance, are people who are rather dead from the cinema, who go often. Or I would say that it represents that half of our clientele, the other half, it's a clientele that we hardly have interviewed like that in the street or regularly, it's a clientele who comes very little often to the cinema, who comes maybe two, three times a year, who comes to see the film event, that is to say Terminator 2, and then Hot Shots, and then the next one, it will be maybe the Hook of Spielberg. This clientele, obviously, we don't see it regularly in the rooms. And she also has other attitudes, other behaviors that people have heard. But this said, it's still these love of cinema, which are the most acidic, and which make, I would say, the heart of the frequenting of our rooms. So she is obviously extremely important. At the level of comfort of the rooms, in general, people interviewed were relatively satisfied. We had a person who made a remark on the Palace 2. It's true that Palace 2, often we are a little surprised to find ourselves sitting on the screen, at the same price as if we were going to the Romandie, where we have an exceptional room. So how do you manage this kind of thing? Is there any modification, perhaps, in view of it? As far as I'm concerned about the cinema, I'm not surprised, I don't want to make compliments, but I'm surprised of what people appreciate the comfort that they have offered them, since we systematically invest 500,000 francs each year in the renewal of our technical equipment. So at the level of sound, at the level of projection, at the level of screen tiles, of the objectives that we change regularly, at the level of the faulties, well, in any case, we make huge efforts because we are convinced that it is essential that if we want to not only survive, but above all, continue to attract the public and make people want to, we have to offer them the best, the most spectacular, the most... which never goes away from them. We start introducing the digital sound, we just did it here at Eldorado, we're going to do it for the next film of Le Luge in another room at Les Halles. It is obvious that the digital sound in the cinema allows you to have the quality of a CD on the one hand, but also the sense around, that is to say, this impression of sound development, that is something that we will not have in its living room. We may have very good faulties, we may have a high-definition screen one day, which will cost a lot, it will never be a huge screen, it will be a screen of a meter wide. So the big screen, the sound comfort, so the best sound possible, are absolutely essential offers to satisfy our clientele. So here it is clear that we do it. Now, it is true that there are small rooms, it is not because they are small in terms of number of faulties that they have problems, it is because their screens are maybe too small, we mentioned Palace 2, it is true, the screen is not so small yet, the problem is that the first row is too close, so it is true, we feel like we are in a screen. That is obviously the only solution that can be brought to this problem, it is the opening of rooms in multi-room complexes, that is to say where we can modulate the number of faulties, but keeping very large screens, that is to say proportionately the room that remains gigantic screens. So that obviously is not by transforming the current rooms that we can do it. Unfortunately, the Bourg, we mentioned it, it is a room that is of all beauty, that has its charm, that is extraordinary. I find that the screen is a little small and I would prefer a wider screen, but that will never change because we will not be able to move walls. And in terms of the price policy, it is true that, we mentioned most of the rooms now, I am about between 10 and 14 francs, how does it practice, it is interesting to see, let's say, in parallel with the audience that we aim at, at the level of cinema. The price of the places in the Zane, it is 7 to 14 francs today. This franc, it's what, it's two mineral water, the bistro, so it's really not very expensive. 14 francs, it remains also relatively good market. It's always too expensive, we agree, I hear if we could go to the show for less money, we would prefer it. I just sign that, for example, on the year 1991, so last year, the prices of the places in the Zane have increased a little less than 4%, in their average, whereas in the same period, our salary mass, so all the salaries and social charges that we have invested, they, at Metrocinae, have progressed by 20%. Our rents have progressed much beyond the cost of the augmentation of life. So once again, it's true, the prices are relatively expensive, yet I would come back on the possibility to go to the cinema for very good market. But of course, the reflection is taken here, it's just the reflection of the evolution of life. And unfortunately, we are... ...legged to the same stage as everyone else. And 1991 was particularly difficult, in 2002 it was also so difficult. But in conclusion, I still think that we can say that cinema remains the best market to go to the show, to see extraordinary films, to dream, to find each other as friends. And I also think that in a difficult period, it remains a way to dream, to find each other as friends, which is still one of the less expensive. So now maybe you're talking about better market for the movies, what is currently there, what do you propose? For example, for families, because it's true that someone, if he was in the interview earlier, that in families, he would go to the cinema on Sunday, it's a bit of a mattress hit. But cinema has always been looking to have a very large price palette. You mentioned the example of families, there we introduced a system that is very simple. If you go to the family, the father, the mother and the children, the father or the mother, well, an adult pays a full tariff, so 14 francs, and all the others pay 6 francs. So it's not very expensive. If you do the average, it's really very good market. Another possibility to pay relatively good market for his place is the subscription to Sinefidélité, so 25 coupons, today at 175 francs, which makes this one more place. So you'll tell me, yes, you have to go 25 times a year to die. I would say that it may not be quite necessary. I'm not going to give bad advice to people, but it's enough to go 13 times. And we start paying people below 14 francs. Another price offer, if you buy, so there is a subscription that may be used to several, it's 5 francs, it costs you 50 francs, so 10 francs in place. It's really better market. We have another offer every Monday, all the sessions, 9 francs. And there you don't need to buy neither your 25 coupons, nor your 5 coupons. It's for everyone at 9 francs. For the young people here too, if you are a student, if you are a teacher, if you have made the effort to get you the credit card, you can buy it. You can buy it, yes, but I think it's 5 francs, no? So it's just, it's hardly enough for the administrators, but I hear it's a small effort, indeed, that you have to do. Well, you can go to the cinema for 10 francs. So I hope, so there, this is the last point, I hope, in being in discussion with different instances, at the continental level and at the communal level, I hope that we can make an additional effort in favor of the young people and that by playing on the communal tax, which is taking all the cinema tickets and all the tickets in general, with a tax of 13%, so it's very heavy. We are in discussion to introduce a kind of return, a kind of subvention to the young people, which, if we use a part of the product, this investment, would allow the experts, always making an effort to reduce their price at the base, but would allow them to go even further and therefore offer tickets to this front, that is, a part of this reduction would be financed by a preliminary study on a fund that constitutes this communal tax, and therefore it would allow to reduce this time without having to buy 25 coupons, without having to buy a quarter fund, etc. It would allow the young people to go to the cinema for this front. And then there, I really think that in these conditions, we can say that the cinema would become a very good market. What should it be, by the way, for the young people, who are, I think, a large part of the public and who often, if we calculate it, earn a relatively efficient life or what? It is clear that the young people often have no income or have come back to the market by hours of household chores, etc., who are not very well paid either. So it is clear that there, and I would say that it would be the least of things than on the communal plan, for example, where huge efforts are made on the cultural plan at the level of subsidies. But cinema has great absences, even from the man of subsidies. I think that the Zan depends on 32 million for culture, for theater, for opera, for ballet. I find it great, it would even be necessary that it spends more. There is only one part of these subsidies financed by the communal tasks on entertainment, especially those who take care of cinema. On the other hand, there is no subsidy that comes back to cinema. So it would be that justice, in fact, that a part of these subsidies is to be returned, to take advantage of the young people and allow them to go to the cinema at a better price. You have another question, precisely, from Mr Stuckey. Can you tell us a little bit about the Cressier project? I think you imagined making a room in this place and creating means of transport to make it? So it's a little early to talk about it in a concrete way. It's true that we study the possibility of implementing a huge multi-room, a 15-room Cressier, just next to the McDonald's, a car-free highway, and which would allow us to make what we see now more and more frequently developed abroad. The first is in Brussels, with Quinepolis and 27 rooms. So we see that, at the level of a region, this kind of multi-room center answers a question and allows a whole clientele who is too far from a cinema or with difficulties in access. The possibility to go to one place where you can see all the programming of all the films that are on display, without having to go from one room to another, without parking care if you come by car or motorbike, or with public transport. It's clear that such a project needs a collaboration with public transport so that, in the case of a line, a line is extended to allow the clientele to go to work without a car with public transport. Does it mean you're going to give up the Metropolitan project? No, the Metropolitan project, unfortunately, doesn't depend on us. The decision that is made today to the State Council, which must be made on a classroom, or not, if the State Council gives up the classroom, will make our project happen, of course, and I think for the biggest interest of everyone, from the very beginning, if the State Council thinks that this building deserves a classroom, well, it's just a judge, by the way. The only thing I want is that, if this building is classified, the collectivity will be enough financial means so that it doesn't remain empty and dead, but that if there is a music classroom project, not so much better, I am still a fervent partisan of all cultural development, so if it's a music classroom, so much better, but the State will have to be ready to finance it. Well, Miguel Chouki, we are at the end of this show. I think we're going to have the generic banner. It's coming up. I thank you for participating and answering a few small questions. I hope we will have the opportunity to see each other again once again in the case of this face on the screen. And I think we can advise people to go to the cinema and hopefully the prices will remain stable or at least that they will go down to satisfy the youth's maximum. And the public, Lausanne, here we are. Mme. 18h29, in a few minutes, the time of a public publication, you will find Jean-Marie Cha and her team for the local and regional information. Goodbye.