 For your advertising on Acidule, our automatic response is at 20.22.31. Our fax at 20.51.14. Our address, Acidule FM, serves advertising 15.6.000.9. Car, advertisers or TV, even the best, sometimes do some tricks. For cars and advertisers, we can't help you. But for TV, at Mafioli, we solve your problem in 24 hours. Oh, but we are 50 technicians at the customer service. Mafioli, a service that never falls into the pan. Mafioli, in Lausanne, on the 25th street, and 11 in the Swiss restaurant. With Fama, the way of good things is at Acidule. Health club, every Monday between 8 and 9, a check-up for the form. On Monday, Friday, 6 to 9, to start your day, live at the rhythm of Acidule's morning. Regional information, traffic, weather forecast, press release, interviews with Jean-Marc Richard's morning. Natural choice, naturally, Fama. Your disease-causing case for all-in-sweet care. Fama, the assurance to be well-insured. I'm listening to regional news. On 12.8 of the FM band, I'm listening to Acidule, the Radio of Lausanne-Oise. Good evening. Radio Acidule presents its classical music show, until 8.30, as every Monday on 12.8 FM. Before introducing ourselves, I have two announcements to make. The first is four places offered for the concert that Julia Mighenes will give, the Grand Divas Chanteuse, at the Bosseaubre Theatre in Morge, Saturday next Friday, Saturday 27th March at 8.30. The people interested are praying to call our number. It's 2051-11. 2051-11. In two names, please. Your name, your address and your phone number, please. Second announcement, this evening, is fast. It's a concert given by the great Voix-Bulgar, which will be held in Lausanne, Basile, in the city of Valentin, on Tuesday, March 30, next at 8.15. And here, in the city of Valentin, at the Basile, at the Valentin, on Tuesday, March 30, next at 8.15. And here, in any case, two places are offered. I remind you, it's the Grand Voix-Bulgar, at the Basile, at the Valentin, at Lausanne, on Tuesday, March 30, at 8.15. Our phone number is 2051-11. 2151-11, Radio Acidule, please, please, announce the fastest possible. For tonight, we will receive an organist, Daniel Thomas, who, in addition to his instrumental practice, does painting. We will therefore follow through our interview with this double approach, music and painting, two complementary artistic activities, as we can hear them. Daniel Thomas, under his eyes, has two programs I can read on the board. Concert, with the announcement at the bottom of the program, after the concert, exhibition of paintings, musical paintings, by Daniel Thomas. And on the second program, I read, exhibition and concert. So, Daniel Thomas, you read, and intimately, the two things. But let's start with the beginning, that is to say, when you were very young, because I think this was, for you, a very important period. Yes, it was a moment when the influences of music and painting were very much brought to me, and led me to a practice of oil painting and piano. It was especially the influence of Beethoven's symphonies, which I listened almost every day, with great pleasure, and which gave me a lot of the idea of the strength that music can bring. And also, especially, Claude Monet's paintings. It was the influences, the first influences that led me to these practices. And there was already, precisely in Claude Monet's works, the sensitivity to music, especially in the works, in these paintings. And already at 13, you felt all the expression that you had to find, and it already marked you? Yes, of course. And then I also found the two together in the opera, because I was also, from that time, passionate about opera, at the time, Wagner's great opera. I had my sensitivity to evolve. Since then, at the time, it was Wagner who really gave me a lot of joy, especially related to Beethoven's influence. We feel that Wagner was also a Beethoven's successor in his way of opera. And to have in opera, it is the meeting of the pictorial aspect, the presence on stage, the decor, and the presence of music. So, in the end, there was a very clear concordance between music, which is, in the end, an inner expression. And then, despite everything, you were then very present, very solicited, very charmed by, in the end, the exterior aspect of opera. Yes, opera. In opera, there is music, but there is still the whole exterior context, that is to say, there is the scene with the characters that evolve, there are the decor, the music scene. Yes, dance is the gesture too, and music still finds a body, whereas otherwise, it remains something that we hardly have to capture. But in opera, there is this body of music, through the dancer, the singer, the decor. And in the end, the whole context, you have, I was going to say, you have felt tilt. Yes, yes. And how did you experience this as a child, at the age of 13, finally, a child of adolescence? I experienced it by myself. Did you try yourself to, I don't know, well, you started to draw, did you start to move, did you want to do theater, finally? I did theater at school, indeed, we had theater, but otherwise, I mainly did piano practice, so a lot of research in piano pieces, and also the practice of the painting itself, and drawing. So you already have works, but you didn't bring any tonight, which are signed when you were 13, 14 years old? Yes, of course. I already have works on a very long period, in fact. So tell me, to have plenty of drawers. Obviously, a very varied evolution, a lot of different paths. Yes, yes, yes, yes, I think you started by, in fact, the foot, if we want, the foot of the structure that was set up. At first, I started with the influence of Cubism and Impressionism. They first started by putting, both by Cubism, by the painting courses, the oil that I had, we started by working on the theory of structure to put in place the structure of the painting, which is close to the structure of a musical composition. Ah, you did the similarity. Of course, that's what I, as a painter, first of all, this work on the reduction in geometric structure of Cubism, and also the work in Impressionism, of the color, of the coloration that also gives the structure to the piece, to the painting, but differently. Did you use this famous golden rule? No, no, it was always very intuitive, the construction, the search for spontaneity, to feel all the balance spontaneously. Were you always ready to do something like this? We always ask ourselves the question, did you have an environment that was familiar to the scholar who hired you in this way? Yes, my grandmother and my father did a lot of painting, it's true that I did a lot of painting, and my mother was a piano and a science, she made me hear all the sounds of the piano, since I was very little, on the piano that sounded like me. So in the end, it's quite natural, artificial, that you didn't follow, and in normal you didn't follow the traces, but that is to say that sometimes you don't know how to react compared to your family environment, you run away, you do something quite different. It wasn't my case. It wasn't your case, you really followed the voice, the royal voice. So then, you were honest, you were still on the piano, how did you become a pianist? Well, I was once at the Cathedral, with the class, when I was thirteen or twelve years old. It was André who presented it to me, and it also impressed me a lot. I started playing the piano at the age of fourteen. So it was very close to start the piano? It was quite big, you just have to have your legs quite big to touch the... Yes, legs quite long, and still have enough strength in the feet to hold the pedals. And so, yes, you have naturally become a pianist at the organ. Because I always... We generally know that the organists do simultaneously, in any case, both on the piano or the clarinet. I still do, and still do, the piano, clarinet and organ practice, especially for the accompaniment. I worked in the three fields. I specialize in organ, but as a companion, we still need to have a greater independence to follow without solism, if we want to. But do you think it's an obligatory step, the piano or the clarinet, before the organ? I think the clarinet, yes, because for a very small one, I would see much better the... If we want to start young, the clarinet comes from the piano, of course, but it's already much more important, let's say, by the greatness of the instrument and then by the counterpointive work, when it's complex, let's say. So listen, Daniel Thomas, you brought us an extremely rich program, we would talk about it earlier, about the recordings we will hear during this show, but first, I want you to hear them first, although you may have seen them in the video. So we will hear Daniel Thomas at the Cathedral of Lausanne, in a work by Jean-Sébastien Bar, the Tocata La D'Adjuré Fugand O Minheur. So it was when I prepared my virtuosity exams, so it was at this time that the recording had been made. And then you worked with who, after all? It was with André, him at the time. You did all your studies of organ with him? First with André, thank you, then with André, him, yes. So let's listen to Daniel Thomas at the organ. So here we have heard Daniel Thomas, our organist guest tonight, who played the organ, it was no doubt, the organ of the Cathedral of Lausanne, the Tocata La D'Adjuré Fugand O Minheur by Jean-Sébastien Bar. So Daniel Thomas, you told us that it was your work of virtuosity? Yes, it's a piece I prepared for the final recording that I gave to join the year of the Cathedral. So you finished your studies recently? Yes, I finished it. Now I work alone and also listening to the influences of other musicians, but I don't have a teacher of organ. And when you have to go to exercise, do you have an organ at home? At home I have a piano and a piano keyboard. And at the same time I have to exercise on the different organ of the region. Is it possible? Yes, of course. Between musicians, we have to pass the instruments. So the churches must be open, because usually the Protestant churches are closed now, but you organize yourself. Do you have the right to go like that? Yes, of course. It's open. We can ask, but there is a lot of possibility. A lot of possibility. Because I have a lot of knowledge, a lot of relationships with pastors and organizers, so I can go to the quantity of places. So naturally, the varied organ of one church to another? Yes, of course, of course. Because each time there is an adaptation. For example, to prepare a concert, I always have to go on the spot. I can't imagine preparing a concert without trying. The instrument, because there are parts that you can't play at all, in any place. Really? No, you really have to choose. First of all, there is no possibility of pedals, keyboard, many, many games. And the speed of the touch and the sensitivity of the touch are the games that exist. You really have to try on the spot. In fact, you have to go first to see your instrument. And then after, you compose your program. That's it. What bothers me, if the instrument is very far, because it makes distance, we can maybe call the organizer to ask him to do a little bit of detail, but it will be better to go on the spot. So I will ignore this detail, which is very important. If you go to play and give recital to Paris, what do you do? I will travel to Paris, it's not that far. Nothing stops you, Daniel Thomas. Have you ever played outside of Switzerland? No, no, I played in the States, it's in Switzerland. I played outside of Switzerland, in classes and stages, where we had the final concerts. I had the opportunity to do concerts in the stages. But I haven't recitaled myself yet, but it's been nice. But it requires a great physical strength to play with the organ. I'm looking for a technique in detainment and decontraction, so not really. Because if you put too much force, it's rather bad. You have to try to play with detainment, not with the muscles. The inner concentration that will give the music we will play, the elements follow, but just what you need. But for example, about the feet, it still requires a leg, you have to have muscles, right? No, no, it's not that. If you have too much muscle, it will be a heavy game, it's a bit bad. You have to look for the balance of movement, it's a question of balance. The weights will be balanced, but not of muscles. So in the end, you have to know your muscle strength well. And how do you know that, Daniel Thomas? Well, I currently work with a professor of techniques, Alexander, to work on the structure of movements, articulations and movements, to look for a better economy of movements. For example, like this one I'm coming from, but we observe dancers and the influence of dance too. For you, it's a very important thing, dance, movement. And it's in the interpretation, a piece interpreted in a flexible way that will be much more beautiful than if there is a raider in the interpretation, in the movements, it feels quite. So I'm quite in agreement with you, an instrumentist who is crisp, I must say, doesn't make any... no musical emotion. Of course, so it's very important to research this. And then it requires an energy, it's not possible. And if we want to do a lot of concerts, we have to, when we're looking for an economy, it allows us to do a lot more things. So the fact that you followed these courses of this Alexander method, which I heard you talk about, did you say that your professors don't teach you this kind of thing? No, no, there are very few professors who are really aware of it. I don't have any feeling, in any case, of the professors. Because I had, we don't really have... deeply say that, so I had to research by myself. So deep down, the techniques... the way of playing, of course, it's not implicit in their teaching. Instrumental. I think it depends on each professor. It's my experience. Yes, no, because, for example, the piano, we know that the method of Alfred Cordo was precisely a very extraordinary method. Already at the age of... So, well, indeed, they don't feel all like that. Daniel Thomas, I would like to, before continuing, we have been able to realize the moments of discussion around this microphone that you are interested in a lot of things, music, painting, you talked about dance just now, even theater, which makes it reflect a little the character, the eclectic tastes that you have, that we find in your program, in the recording that you have brought us, because we start with baroque music, then we go to improvisations, to the piano, then to go with spiritual negros, and then even hear Marcel Pagnol with the part of the card and then short va, etc. I think that, besides, this program that you have prepared corresponds to something very precious to you. Yes, almost every piece that I have chosen here illustrates a facet of my interests and of the possibilities that I would like to work on in the show, such as the opera or the theater, or the lead, the song, the fable, all the possibilities that I would like to pursue in my research. Well, listen to me, I suggest you, right away that we slide the opening, the opera, we hear the opening of the secret marriage, but then tell us maybe your feeling about this work. Well, it was a opera that was given to the son. We didn't say what it was, it was a man of the name Nicotimarosa, the secret marriage. With the recording made by Lozane, which impressed me a lot, I really liked it, I was really listening to it all night, with great pleasure, and that gave me the impression that it was the opera that I preferred by this search for sensitivity, relationships, the beginning of romanticism. So, it's a recording of the Lozane's chamber orchestra, and the direction is Jesus Lopescobos, and we hear the opening of the secret marriage of Cimarosa. It was the opening of the secret marriage of Domenico Cimarosa, with the Lozane's chamber orchestra, and under the direction of Jesus Lopescobos. So, that's the choice of our guest tonight, the organist Daniel Tobas. Well, the painting, if we come back to painting, are you self-taught? Yes. What do you paint? At the moment? No, do you like painting oil painting? Is it watercolor? What are your techniques? I worked a lot, watercolor, pasting, cutting, and currently I work a lot with oil painting. My research, at that time, I really liked oil painting, especially with canvas, with a lot of thickness and sensitivity to the painting, and then on paper with oil sticks, like cream and oil painting. These are the two techniques I currently work with. But ten or five years ago, I worked a lot with watercolor, pasting, and cutting, but currently I prefer oil painting because it's where we find the highest quality of color and the highest quality of material, that's what I prefer. What are your suggestions? Is it a creative or non-creative painting? Well, currently I work in two fields. One is the improvisation of painting, painting, music, and landscape improvisation, also influenced by music. Is that what you call your musical paintings? Yes, yes, we'll come back to that. The other field is quite different. It can be joined later, but it's the work of the human person, of the character, of the group of characters, influenced by dance, and theater, and I work with oil and oil on paper. But I plan to gather the two techniques later, that is to be able to work with the characters in musical improvisation. That's why you need a virtuosity, ten years later. You need to feel the character incorporate it into color, work at the same time, search for the material and color, and at the same time express the character, the shape of the body. There will be a musical induction, and after the musical induction, you will do your painting. Not necessarily. Yes, of course, because I have music that is always in my mind. Oh, well, you don't put a piece of music, and then you start painting on your paper. No, I never do that, because I have a musical practice, I do a lot of music all day long. I have the music that remains in me, and when I paint, I have musical items that are inside, that are the remains of what I did, the things I loved, that come back, that leave. So when I paint, that's what inspires me directly, but in my mind, in the same mind. But not externally, by a disc or like that. I don't need a device that puts on the ears, music is all done inside. All that. Well, here we are. Now you are talking about characters, opera, the phab. The phab. And I see that you are planning to make us hear an opera from the back. Yes, yes. I heard it in Lausanne two or three years ago, because it was part of an opera from the back with different phab that had been given to the Festival de la Cité. That's where I really liked this piece, that's what I left. It's another interpretation, but I had a lot of pleasure to see it on stage. So it's about the letter and the potole, of the Fun Pack, with the baritone François Le Roux and Jeff Cohen on the piano. So you said, Daniel Tomac, you were very sensitive to this type of phab. Yes. It was a phab. He recorded François Le Roux, a CD on the Femme de la Fontaine. Yes, yes. And just one more thing, I have to say that it was a very sensitive piece that was used in the Femme de la Femme de la Femme de la Femme and that was a very sensitive piece. I had a lot of pleasure to see it on stage. Yes, and just in my travels, I look everywhere for records, theaters, phab, stories, even if it's a very sensitive piece. It's something that I'm very passionate about and that in several languages, but also in French. But that's good because you did university studies. Yes, I did a license in letters at Les Annes. I did Latin and philosophy in ancient languages, but I'm also interested in German and English. Again. Italian, yes, actually. I speak Latin and Italian and Spanish. I work a lot of people. What does it mean to say that you have this need to create what would be supposed to play simply works, whether it's the organ or the piano, or the piano, doesn't satisfy you 100% because it's just interpretations, if you want, it's not creation. I don't know if it's an hypothesis. I'm going to answer two questions. One is that interpretation, we can push it so deep, we can put so much theatricalization, or on the contrary, imagine so many things in it, there's a huge part of creation, I think. Because we create by everything we add to the inner life and imagination. On the other hand, in the instruments I make, I can create by the improvisation. I work with piano improvisation, with Clave Saint, I worked with Baroque improvisation, with Clave Saint, with other ornamentations. On the piano, I do a lot of accompaniment of the heart or the solo. Sometimes I have to harmonize and improvise the accompaniments, and I also improvise alone. Did you improvise with your teachers? No, because it's not practical. No, it's not practical. It's just what we do in our conservatories. It's a wild practice that I always do. In a moment like that? Yes, I can't put myself in front of a piano without hitting it. From the beginning, before I started playing the piano, I was already playing a lot. It's a body-made demonstration of pleasure, of seeking the sound and playing. We discover things and give a personal language. You said you did Baroque improvisation, you did a little research. I worked with teachers, it's a different field. Even if the ear intervenes, I have to improvise on the piano. Since we are in improvisation, we will listen to a piano improvisation for Muet film. It's Albert Levy playing. It's der Schwindler. What does that mean? In German? You don't know? Let's go, we'll start to guess. It was very funny, you must have recognized many pianists. Many pieces you played with, and they were stuck together. With a lot of imagination and brilliance. It was Albert Levy who did a piano improvisation for Muet film. I think we are getting ready to go. So, the one who plays the ziggler. Der Schwindler? After drinking a little drink of wine. Ah, good, good, good. It would be a man who would be a little bad, and who wouldn't be very right. Thank you. They were very nice technicians, and they were very good at doing research. They didn't have dictionaries under their eyes. Daniel Thomas, do you do improvisation easily? Do you do things like that? No. I do personal improvisation, but I found it interesting that improvisation works on the notes, the memory of the people. It works on the themes that are in the memory of many pianists. It's a sort of mix that many people can have in their mind. It looks like what you can hear yourself. I easily hear a theme, but then I have the following theme that comes up, the apparent theme. It's improvisation that I do in my head more than in real life. But I like that. If I do improvisation myself, I try to create my own themes. I don't learn external themes. So, if I compose a personal, musical painting, I try to create different colors, harmonies, themes. It's personal. Under your eyes, you have a reproduction of one of your works, which I don't think is very recent. Where is it from? I don't know. It's not dated. 80, 86. It represents something very beautiful, but figurative. So, a game... Can we call it a game of... It's made of aquarelle, which is extremely soft, pastelized, if you want, with transparency. It's superimposed. You made a montage. Of course, I placed different pieces. I had prepared them myself. I made a construction that gives a sense of a time, of trees and leaves. It's figurative, but you can see something. Imagine natural landscapes. We don't have to imagine. I'm doing it. Is it one of your favorite techniques? It's one of my favorite techniques, 10 years ago. Tell us about it. I told you before. I work on oil, in landscape improvisation, on thick techniques, and the characters. The characters are different. It's very different. You have a non-figurative approach. What do you do with the volume, color, or shape? How do you do that? It's the color that dominates. From the construction of the material to the color, I create a composition of shapes. It imagines me in a distant way, it gives me some landscapes, but maybe I'm the only one to see them. Is there a specific music or a particular composer? No, not even. It's your imagination that's making you feel bad. The relationship is never literal. The relationship between music and painting is the interior, the lens, the inner joy, the force. But it's not a direct relationship, with such a note, with such a passage, I don't do it like that. No, I don't think it's good. We know that, for example, Bach has a particular coloration, Beethoven too, Mozart too, the expressionists. I'm not interested in a work like that. I always take what comes out of it without asking it. It's the music that comes to me in me. I can't say it's not an intellectual work, but it's really the things. The music I like best, it stays in me, I see it because it's the one that comes, even without asking anything. Suddenly, there's a music that sounds in me, and it's the one that influences me. Do you give a title to your paintings or not? I give it to designate them, but it's the last moment for the exhibition, but I don't give it when I do it. It's a practical question, rather a practical question to designate the painting, but you shouldn't let it feel linked. For me, it doesn't correspond to something very specific. No, no. But maybe if I did a show, I would associate texts and poems with a painting, I would like to make a painting for that, but in the current case, where I'm painting, it's not at all... The word will be missing much later, that it will come to designate it. Well, there are still many things to listen to, I think that, as our technician said, we can't make it, but you have put Frank Sinatra. Yes. Why? Because of his sensitivity, his very generous personality. For me, really... someone to imitate by his emotions, his warmth, it's the personality, I put a lot of that. I also like English, I also work with English texts, I like those texts, but I was very sensitive to his lips, to his mouth, to his human sensitivity, to his presence, I would like to limit it. So, what does he interpret here? So, a song on his school teacher's mattress, the old school teacher, he evoked without a past. So, let's go. As Daniel Thomas said, this is really the relax, Frank Sinatra in the old school teacher. Daniel Thomas, now I see that you naturally, you are interested in many things, the big spiritual negros, they are part of your approach. Yes, I also like a lot, especially in this interpretation here, a certain simplicity, a certain humor, a lightness, a way of being a singer that gives us to share warm emotions, a warm human warmth, an ambiance that gives us a living, a singing, I find it good in this, the possibility to transform the audience, to metamorphose in a more generous way, a sort of inner metamorphosis by the music. What we also had in Frank Sinatra, this idea of opening up to us, certain emotions, certain emotions of love, that we would not have so much ease to feel or to say, to open up to us some sensibility. So, what do you propose in this big spiritual negros? So, a little song on David playing the harp, by a interpreter who lives in Geneva. Good. Cut it! Cut it! Cut it! This charming song, let's say, Negros Spirituals, Little David playing on your harp, little David, show us. Show us. Your harp is played by a tenor who lives in Geneva, by Etyle, and he is called Williams Wayne. So now, I think we're going to have more fun. Yes, we're going to have fun with some tears too. It's always at the Spanish, we have fun, but at the same time we cry. There is a human generosity that englobes the laugh and tears at the same time. But we have fun. It's like the human, right? That's what I really like about the Spanish, with these actors who find the sensitivity of the two aspects, these two aspects. So you're going to hear us, the part of the map, with César and M. Escartofig, Paul Doulac, Mr. Brun, Muries. Sir, if we do the trick, let's do it. Not there, Felix, not there. It's the place, it's the chair of the Spanish. It's sacred. What do you think, Mr. Brun? A little bit of white, never alcohol. Mr. Brun, I have the pretension to know my job. Of course, of course. No one would have discussed it. Well, Mr. Brun, I won't tell you that the aperitif is a remedy, like the one of the dead. No, but it's better and it doesn't hurt. It's certainly better at taste. Well, you agree on that point. And when I tell you it doesn't hurt, I have to explain to you. We say, Mr. Brun, that the aperitif attacks the faith. And all the aperitifs are made with plants, absinthe, jenciane, sojani, sore, orange, etc. And the alcohol. And that's what plants are all about. These plants, Mr. Brun, they don't have faith. They never saw a faith. They don't know what faith is. Me neither, by the way. Don't cut me off when I explain. It's not that it's just a faith. You won't believe me, Mr. Brun, that these plants are the light of faith that they don't know. Well, it's not what we say. My dear César, I know very well what to say. I would even try to answer you that your reasoning is absurd. And why? The sulfuric acid has never seen the copper. And yet, if we pour it on a copper plate, the acid attacks the plate. That's why we have no relationship with the aperitifs. If you want. How, if I want? We speak scientifically. And our conversation may escape to the scar of the figure. It escapes. I'm listening to you. You're listening to us, but you don't understand. It's a conversation that goes above your head. Let's see, Mr. Brun, what is the relationship between the aperitifs and the sulfuric acid? It may be bigger than we think. Bigger? No, no, no. We're doing it right. 35. 35. Well, Pani, this time he's dead. I don't understand. Yes, this life chair is sadder than its grave. The poets have already said it. In memory of him, four green leaves were heard on the man's bed. It's a great writer, a great poet, who is momentarily considered an idiot. Listen. It's at first sight, that he was brought back to his family on the table, on the most exalted seats, that God truly did. It's beautiful. And you gave him cards? Machinaly. Oh, he had good games. I see. Oh, my God. What would he have done with that? See, I would have gone with the peak set, because he's alone and it makes me a cut. But he, Pani, what would he have played? Oh, Mr. Brun, I know him. He's not doing it. He's playing the handle. He's right. He's taking my handle. But naturally, he's playing. He's not a child. And then, he's playing the peak. And why? Because he knows that if I'm gone, from a small peak, it's because I'm cutting the peak. And he's going to make me cut the saligo. And I have a hole. Now, I'm trying a heart. But why are you trying? Because he's still playing the handle. Because if he wasn't dead, I wouldn't know. He's playing the heart and he takes it. My handle is still dry. And he's laughing. And I'm charging with the king. It's a good price. And now, we'll have the same. What does he do? He doesn't have his game. And he tells you, my children, everything else is mine. Everything else is mine. And he's right. That's the first time that I see him playing the handle with a dead man. In any case, it's the first time that we haven't played. And we lost. That's Marcel Panol, César, the card game. Well, as there's very little time left, I suggest, Daniel Thomas, that we all go through what you had planned for Kurt Weil. Yes, of course. It's a piece that I had just played with at the orchestra of the conservatory and the dramatic schools. I played in the orchestra. It brought me a lot. I'm here. Didray Groschener from Kurt Weil. But here, it's not your interpretation. No, no. Thank you. It was Trude Herzlburg who sang an air, a ballad, I would say, of Didray Groschener from Kurt Weil. Before we hear the last piece that you brought us, the paintings of an exhibition by Mussorgsky, which puts the Grand Port de Kiev. The paintings, of course. Yes, the paintings. The painting. Yes, of course. But I think our listeners will have rectified themselves. I would like to point out that our guest tonight, Daniel Thomas Organist, will play Sunday, March 28, next at 7 p.m., supported by the Church of Priory, with a set of leather towers led by Simon Soulemony with the soprano Marineoel Cipolla, works by Bach and D'Eustrasse and Verdi, and after the concert. So, first, there will be an exhibition of paintings, musical paintings, by Daniel Thomas, the free entree. Then you will have the March 6th, at the Church of Choseaux, at 8 p.m., our guest, Daniel Thomas, with the soprano Maria de l'Ordesse Martinesse, who will play the works of Bises, Tradella, Vivaldi, Barforé, the set of exhibitions. A little bit of the room next door. A little bit of the room next door. And to finish, the Epalinge, you know this charming little church judged on its hill, on Friday, April 9th, at 7 p.m., Daniel Thomas, the Chant Marineoel Cipolla, works by John Stanley, Bach, Correlli and Handel. And then, at the Parois Saint-Epalinge house, this flat building that is located at the bottom of the St. Co. 11 April, an exhibition of works, of course, by Daniel Thomas, oil on canvas and on paper, imaginary landscapes and musical paintings. And the varnish is fixed on Monday, April 5th, at 6 p.m. Do you have anything to add, Daniel Thomas? What did I just say? So, opening time? Opening from 6.30 p.m. to 11 p.m. Yes, thank you. I said everything. And we finish with the Grand Porte de Kiev by Musorgsky. Orchestrated by Maurice Ravel, it was the Grand Porte de Kiev by Musorgsky. You heard there, in fact, a kind of musical painting, but not visually, as it was made from a great painting that Musorgsky had seen. So, we have the synthesis in this piece of music and painting. These are a few words from Daniel Thomas, which concludes our show tonight. And so, next Monday, March Radio-Cidule will receive Raymond Voyard, a great writer-writer, who will release a CD on Cosma & Prevert from 20 p.m. to 21.30 p.m. on 102.8 FM. In the technique, as usual, very rigorous, perfect, Jean-Luc Tigenagne at the Microsusanoguay, Place au Rock. Thank you for the delay. See you soon. Good evening. Please, your night.