 For your advertising on Acidule, our automatic response to 20.22.31, our fax to 20.51.14, our address, Acidule FM, advertising service, CASPOSTAL 60009. The fusion of nature and ironing, clearance, efficiency, in all lightness. The gesture is clear for a new spark. Clarence, the beauty specialist. With Fama, the voice of good being on Acidule, health club, all the windows of the world, we can not be too happy. We are not happy to be happy, we are not happy. We are not happy. We are not happy. We are not happy. We are not happy. We are not happy. We do not know if there will beieve incompetence of dopefoot on Acidule? Health club, all Monday's between 8 Eric Meinungn. An周down to be happy. At 6-9 A.M on Friday and all day at谢谢youday you won the Chengde fucking Acidule, 4 hours r ....issä! I regain information , traffic, weather up for uk, we interview with Jean-Marie болac. Your disease is very serious for very sweet care. Fama, the assurance to be well insured. On 12.8 of the band FM, I listen to Acidule, the radio of the Lausanne region. It is 8.32, here is the newspaper presented tonight by Michel Chevalet at the Technique, Christian Jacquet and Jean-Marie Crichard. At 8.40, we will have the echo of the Grand Conseil with interviews from Franco Del Pérot Liberale, Polartur Trevaux Radical, Marian Nugna Pepiste. We will talk about the Viscale initiative on the Spargne and Parallel Medicine. The association for the harmonious armonious flan, the PAF, proposes Flouville, a project that comes out of its drawers. It has been presented today, it aims to maintain existing constructions and is based on the projects Choumy and Merlinie. Jean-Marie Crichard will talk about it and will present this project to us on 19.10. The Inversions of the media is the meeting of Ebtdommadaire with Gabor Fognioudi at 19.15, followed by Chronique Locataire, where we will receive Jacques-André Mayeur. And we will finish this journal of course with the beauty and humour of Patrick Bussard as every Tuesday. Here are the briefs of the day. The black series is pursued by the army. Two recruits were severely injured today in Bière. The young people belong to the school of recruits of the motorized infantry. It is a bad manipulation of the material. One of the victims would have lost an eye and was hospitalized in Leusanne. The Grand Conseil Vaudois has decided to propose the refusal of the initiative to relieve the impetus of the sparrows and now of the liberal environment. We will come back to this later with some interviews. The people will therefore have voted on this proposal. The deputies, on the other hand, sent to the State Council a socialist motion asking for the study of a balance of impetus between the communes of the canton. René Felbert was elected today to the President of the Conference for the Population in Europe. This meeting, which will end Friday, must prepare the World Conference on the Population which will take place on the heart in September 1994. The Commission of the National Council's foreign policy has decided not to give a sequel to a socialist group initiative asking for the adhesion of Switzerland to the EU. The popular initiative, for our future in the heart of Europe, which asks for the entry of Switzerland to the EU, has already collected 50,000 signatures. The Commission was born on December 7, hope to gather the 100,000 signatures needed until summer. The Swiss Union has presented its struggle against unemployment program. The Sint-Dix-Lis, which is a massive reduction in the work-time to ensure the full employment, public encouragement of investment, the development of adult professional training. A demonstration will take place Saturday, March 29, at Berne, at 4.30 pm. After eight years of work, the motorway of the youth tour will be inaugurated on 26 June next. Presented by Christian Grébet, head of the Public Works Department, the train is 10 km long. To celebrate its opening, the youth will be invited to a gigantic picnic while waiting for a chain to be planted to symbolize the efforts to complete the achievements of the vegetal heritage. The Russian Parliament decided to report tomorrow the debates on the installation of the presidential administration in Russia by President Boris Elsin. The deputies asked for a delay to study the arrest of the Constitutional Court, which estimates that Boris Elsin's decision to install a decree-based government was unconstitutional. The Elsin's arrest could be requested for tomorrow. In Paris, the RPR and UDF's investment commissions met this morning to prepare the second round of the legislative sessions. Moreover, Laurent Fabius, who called on the ecologists, could help the left to make a barrage to the candidate of the right next Sunday. The press group, rung and continued to spread in Eastern Europe. The Eptomaderk Cache, from Switzerland, is out in Poland today. This number is drawn to 60,000 copies. Finally, recalling that it is today the last day of Ramadan, pretexting to great parties in Islamic countries. And here is the weather. Don't go back to your exhausts. It will be very dark tomorrow, 4am and 9am in the day. It's raining on the plateau. The cold air is gradually replaced by colder air. The evolution until Saturday, from the snow to 1,000m, is colder. And I don't want to make you listen to a blouse in honor of the president of the Confederation by Willie Nininger from New York. But listen to it earlier. This is Nininger, president of the Confederation, Oggy. And now, let's talk about the great council. Now, the great council has been sitting all day after the Health Commission gathered this evening, until this morning at 8.30am. We heard about the development of an Erich Recha on urgent measures to learn so that the great council can take its responsibilities in terms of financial management. The deputies refused to consider the motion by Pierre Sanchez on the evidence of the notion of sustainable development in the options of the state council, especially in fiscal matters. The motion was yet to be received by the UDC and the unanimous left. The state council responded to a populist interpretation on the situation made to the state for people who work in the same time. We learned that on 21,000 workplaces in the state, only 11,000 employees are named, whereas 2,500 have been working for more than four years for the state without being named. This is in contradiction with Article 5 of the staff statute. A motion will follow this answer to this interpretation. And then, in one of the big discussions that took place, the initiative of the popular legislative council was to lay the tax on the sheds to lower the tax rates. This was a decree to order the convocation of the municipal assemblies, to speak about this initiative, and now to free the public. That is why we have attended our mic to the deputy Franco del Pero, who is the minority reporter of the commission, since in the state council that the commission in charge of studying this project proposes to refuse the initiative. Let's listen to Franco del Pero. Franco del Pero, you defended the minority report regarding this initiative on the sheds presented by the Liberal Party. Do you have the impression that it was maybe of today when it was launched to discuss in 1991? Now we see that the sheds are doing well, that the tax rates are often lowered. We saw this morning, it is likely that next week we will announce that the credit for the sheds will be lowered, the tax rate will be lowered. Despite the initiative, is it not very fluid? First, I think it is worth saying that if the Liberal Party is very strongly involved in what concerns the support of this initiative and its launch, the initiative committee brings together other personalities that belong to economic groups, to economic associations, or to other parts of the London-Vaudoise. There are radicals who are part of this initiative committee, even though Christian Democrats, since the Christian Democrats as such support the initiative. It was maybe of today, a few years ago, we consider that it is currently a crucial moment as we face the economic difficulties we know today. It is obvious that the return of the economic machine can only be prevented through crucial investments. We consider that these investments are not possible, or the experience teaches that these investments are not possible, that if there has been pre-aligned savings, the purpose of the initiative is obviously to first create, I would say, but it is only a means to allow the savings in a limited measure, to deduce, to have a tax abatement for the savings they have made. For small savings, it will be almost all their savings, for large savings, only a part of their savings. But the final goal is that this de-fiscalization is only on savings capital. The operation is to have a mass of new savings, a mass of new savings that can be made available to the economy. For example, the economy of the real estate market, you yourself say, not without reason, that we insist on a kind of decompression, a drop in the tension, the debt, but if the debt is relaxed, then we notice that it is precisely because the savings that allow to finance the pre-hypothex, so an initiative that acts on the level of savings as modestly as possible can only have beneficial effects on the evolution of the hypothetical stocks. Could you give us examples of the effects of this initiative for savings? The initiative predicts that what is de-fiscalized is a determined amount of savings in the form of savings revenues and in the form of savings capital. Let me take an example. Let's imagine a contributable which is a savings of 3,000 francs. He is alone, he lives alone, he has a savings of 3,000 francs that brings him 3,000 francs of interest per year. Which means a nice little sum. So 3,000 francs to 5,000, 5.5% that represents 60,000 francs if I make a correct calculation. So the revenues, that is to say, 3,000 francs of interest will benefit from a tax deduction of 2,500 francs or maximums. So there will be 2,500 francs that will be deducted from the tax declaration. The 500 francs that remain, so the 3,000 and the 2,500 francs, will pay for the tax. As for the capital that produced these taxes, that is to say 60,000 francs, well, 50,000 francs because it is at the limit, 50,000 francs will be exonerated from tax and 10,000 francs will pay for tax. So if we take the example of a small Epargnion that has 10,000 francs of Epargne, for example, and there are many small Epargnions that have accumulated this small capital with a lot of effort, well, they will not pay at all tax, neither on tax, nor on a full tax on the fortune, on these 10,000 francs, since we are below the bar of 50,000. That's the current law. So it's the current law, but you ask me one last example, it remains the same thing for them. We simply raise it, so what you say is perfectly exact. The current law foresees the deduction. We, what we foresee is to increase the level of these deductions. So I take an example, at the bottom of the drawing, to show that for a small Epargnion, the effect can be global, that is to say that all its Epargne benefits from de-fiscalization, whereas for those who, for example, by hypothesis, would have a traditional Epargnion of 200,000 francs, well, producing, therefore, 10,000 francs of interest, well, there are 2,500 francs which would be deductible and 7,500 francs would pay a full tax. And on the fortune, 50,000 francs would be deductible and 150,000 remaining would be imposed in full. You have told me about the current situation. So the current situation, indeed, it foresees a deduction of the Epargnion capitals, which, by chance, demonstrates well the will of the legislator to privatize the Epargnion, to de-fiscalize it for the privatization. We simply notice that the amounts are very large, insufficient. I took the example of this amount of 2,500 francs applicable to the only Epargnion. At present, in a comparable situation, it is 1,500 francs, but not only for the Epargnion, but also for the prices, especially for insurance. So it is 125 francs per month. The calculation with me means that 625 francs do not even suffice to cover the totality of the prices. In other words, this deduction, which must be for the Epargnion and for the insurance, is completely eaten by the insurance. So there is nothing more that really serves to privilege the Epargnion as the legislator had wanted. We realize that the Epargnion is currently very favorable in any case, and is still quite a success, for short term placements, because at the moment the rates are higher. Could we have been able to try to influence the rates, rather than try to intervene at the tax level, which deprives the state of certain resources? I think the question is interesting. We can legitimately ask it. The answer is the following. The rate of the market depends on the market itself. The best proof is that if the mortgage rates have taken the insurance, it is because the relationship between the Epargnion which traditionally serves to finance long-term commitments, which are the mortgage credits, this Epargnion has become infinitely less important than the mortgage commitments. We can see very well that the amount of the rates coincide with the moment when the gap is increasingly between the Epargnion and the loaned loans. So the rate depends on the law of the offer of the mortgage, depends on the market, and the state does not intervene in the market. Instead, it can intervene through the tax system to favor such a placement rather than such others. Indeed, we have much more remunerators at the present than traditional Epargnion, whereas these are short-term placements, but precisely the Epargnion allows us to consent to financial commitments in the form of long-term mortgage credits, and that is what we want to prioritize. The broker had run away at the end of last year, and this initiative could have eventually been removed. Why did he have to keep it? Why did he hesitate to withdraw it? I do not know how the broker runs, but in any case, we never run with the broker. Does this come from a decision taken in the commission of the great council that examined the project previously? Commission in which, indeed, a request has been addressed to the state council, a request that was intended to determine the state council on the point of knowing if he heard the input on the idea of an eventual counter-project. I specify that this idea of the counter-project was linked to the following idea, as it consisted of saying that it was indeed necessary to de-fiscalize the Epargnion. So we noticed that the idea and the initiatives were a good idea, and that is what seems to me decisive, but that perhaps we could have agreed on lower mountains. So we consider that lower mountains are not quite different from those that currently exist, and I have just told you that they were completely absorbed by the health insurance and that they were insufficient, and that this was the reason why, at least in my personal opinion, I was not at all favourable to an eventual counter-project. Perhaps the noise that ran was that there were indeed proposals, decisions being made by the state council to determine the input on an eventual counter-project, but the initiative committee itself has never determined this. Are you agree with the figures that were announced by the state council this morning? That is to say that there would be a lack of money for the state of about 50 million and 40 million for the municipalities? So listen, yesterday, the great councilman, a deputy, said, we motivated a spending of 12 million with a half-page. In the pre-examination of the state council, which deals with the initiative on de-fiscalization of the Epargnion, we deal with 52 million in six lines. It is only at the beginning that we continue the fight. Soon, we will have an emotional exposure to the budget, since the budget is over 3 million and more, of two lines. It will perhaps make it easier for the task, the reading, or the understanding of the problem by the deputies. This small remark is in fact, we must note, on the basis of the teaching that has been provided to us in the request of the commission's express, which has had to be reclaimed, even twice to the municipalities, to explain that the number of 52 million is a figure that the initiatives do not completely refuse. We consider that it is indeed the cost of departure, the cost of the departure platform of the initiative, that is, in the current structure of the Epargnion, the use in full, according to the mountain and by the contributable of your right hands at present, will cost something before there is an additional departure. We all admit it. So first principle, there is a platform of departure, because I call it the departure platform, the departure cost before there are new effects. So the figure has been articulated, 51.8 million for the Quentinale finances, and in consequence, indeed, between 30 and 40 million for the municipalities finances. We admit this figure as being a maximum figure. We cannot refuse this figure as being a maximum figure. Simply, the budget cannot be determined. The top of the budget is 51.8 million. We admit it. The best proof is that the State Council, itself in the case of commission work, spoke of a fork located between 34.5 million and 51.8 million. This means that we will make a brief calculation if you agree. A small example. Let's admit that a figure that cannot be contested is the additional cost of the initiative. That is, if there are 100 million more, we know, in virtue of the means of imposition, that the additional cost, the lack of additional money for a state finance is between 600,000, estimated at a minimum, and 800,000, maximum estimated, 800,000 francs. So for 100 million extra savings, it would cost 600 to 800,000 francs. What to add? We admit it, of course, the cost of the starting platform, which means that, at the maximum, for 100 million extra savings, privileged in this Quentinale, the cost of the operation is 58 million, or 50, sorry, 51.8 million, the cost of the start, plus, plus for 100 million, I told you, 600,000 francs. Let's take the example for 1 billion, it's 6 million, for 1 billion of privileged start, plus the cost is 58 million, plus 6 million, 66 million. So we have said, and we continue to say, if we are offered a plan of release which consists of putting at the disposal of the Vaudois economy and investment, 1 billion of additional francs without it costing more than 66 million in the state, we will immediately withdraw the initiative and we are leaving. For 2 billion, it's 72 million. For 3 billion, it's 78 million. Thank you Franca Del Pérot. For the very good Arthur, you were the president of the commission who studied the liberal initiative on the grounds. The State Council proposed not to accept this initiative, and the commission followed this proposal. What are the reasons for this opposition? The reasons that led the State Council on the one hand and the majority of the commission on the other, to reject this initiative is in the financial aspect. The cost of the initiative is high. According to the estimates of the State Council, the cost is 51.8 million per year for the wealth tax. And we still need to add to this cost the decrease in the tax revenue for the municipalities that would be about 40 million. So it's a high cost. The State Council has issued a statement that the current public finances would not allow to stay in this adventure. We can ask ourselves how to favor the ePARNs because in general, in this context, we agreed to favor the ePARNs. So, are we no longer in agreement? Have we changed our policy? I don't think so. It was a statement made within the commission by Mr. President Tonnet. Mr. Tonnet would have wished that the State Council would present a project following the people following the Great Council. Which is not certain, but if the people follow the Great Council and refuse this initiative, we feel it will be difficult to come with a proposal aimed at de-fiscalizing the ePARNs or to favor the ePARNs more precisely, because the answer will naturally come to the students by saying that the sovereign has already broken up and that he doesn't want to. So, favoring the ePARNs, I think it's the constitutional law that holds the federal constitution, but I imagine that we need to find other forms, in particular, the de-fiscalization of the ePARN planned by the initiative aiming at a de-facing of the ePARNs. We know that what we're looking for is the creation of wealth to make the economy start. If we favor a de-facing form, that is, the ePARNs, compared to other forms of ePARNs, the good ones, and other forms of placement, we don't create real wealth, but we establish a de-facing of a form of ePARN in favor of the other. So, what we need to really look for is the creation of wealth. The creation of wealth. We could, by the way, imagine that we de-fiscalize the investments that are made within a company, well, there are other forms to find than by the use of the de-facing. We talk a lot about ePARNs, about this initiative, but the beginning of the initiative was also to lower the hypothetical rate by the encouragement of ePARNs. It was an imaginable consequence. What is your point of view, very beautiful, in relation to this influence on the ePARNs? This influence is not demonstrated. The report of the State Council was lacking under this form, a scientific study was lacking. It would have been interesting that the State Council, it's even easier for him than for the Grand Council, it would have been interesting that the State Council made a study on the relations there are between the mass of ePARNs and the ePARNs. We are obliged to have a pragmatic position. At this point, we must note that, without waiting for the initiative or regardless of the initiative, to express differently, regardless of the initiative, the mass of ePARNs has continued to increase since a certain number of years, since 1991, and that, simultaneously, the ePARNs' interest rate is still low, and we took it this morning, and decided to bring the ePARNs' interest rate to 6.000%. The banks will continue to follow this movement and it is independent of the initiative. It is the reason why we feel that it is difficult to intervene in the laws of the market by a regulation that raises, because it is a regulation, it raises various criticisms. The Commission has seen it three times, it lasted a long time to determine this idea of the State Council. Has this initiative not been questioned when it was removed? In the Commission, there were no questions. I do not know what was discussed within the Liberal Party. The first time we met, we noticed that the elements provided by the departments were insufficient. We asked in full information, we asked that the association that regroups the banks be consulted to respond to certain practical aspects posed by the initiative that implies certain difficulties from the practical point of view. The second time, we took full knowledge of the information and we felt the need to hear the initiatives. They were heard, and the third time, it was a very brief science in which we noticed that the positions of each of the others were quite divergent. What is the chance of such an initiative in front of the people? It is an excellent question, it is very difficult to answer this. So we support this initiative with an electoral character. Personally, I feel that this initiative aims to improve the economic situation and the environment. I also feel that the means to achieve this goal are not the best in the form of this initiative that once again, by its cost, seems to not be appropriate in the situation of public finances. Thank you, it may seem very good. The deputies have also sent to the State Council a motion by General Dbovet, a socialist, asking the State Council to study the impetus between the municipalities of the canton. It is opposed to the liberal side, but the motion was sent to the State Council. Although 24 hours today say that the debate on the rain had taken place yesterday, there is nothing. It is today that the deputies have spoken about it in a debate quite live, by the way. The deputies have accepted, without breaking 10 million for the telephone centre, but the liberals have been forced to criticize the 4.5 million for the school of the nurse of Chante-Pierre, whose kitchen had burned in 1991. We take the opportunity to improve the isolation of the windows and to refurbish the internal structures. A liberal amendment proposed a 10% linear reduction on the budget, while the State Council had already reduced the cost of 200,000 francs. The President of the Commission, Jacqueline Maurer, liberal, has excellently defended her project. The radical Tevaux has been exclaimed, it is necessary to repair this kitchen and stop these parliamentary discussions with an alphabet. The Committee's decision to take the 4.5 million was voted after a really endless debate. And then there were also questions of non-conventional doctors, let's listen to Maria Nugnain. Maria Nugnain, you have presided a commission that was dealing with a socialist ogre motion on natural medicines. What was decided in relation to this? In fact, the motion at the beginning proposed the creation of a chair at the University on natural medicines. So why not have proposed this? What was decided? In the end, during a first debate, which was quite alive at the Grand Council, there were some background positions of some deputies who were quite hostile to the entry of parallel medicines to the University, but there was also the remark that the creation of a chair did not depend on the will of the State, of the Canterme and the University itself. This motion was partially taken into consideration in the sense of information of what was done to the Faculty of Medicine on these parallel medicines. There is no doubt that the deputies of this motion have reactivated a group of work that existed within the Faculty of Medicine and which has made a certain amount of extremely positive propositions very quickly. On the one hand, to name within the Faculty a teacher, to designate a teacher responsible for parallel medicines, responsible for contacts, responsible for evaluation, which is in fact the Monsieur of the Faculty of Medicine and responsible for the implementation of an informative teaching. So it is not about learning to study a medicine to do parallel medicines. I think it does not take, we do not learn homeopathy in three hours of course, but it is in the end to inform them on these parallel medicines, on their theories, on their indications and to make them meet doctors who practice these complementary medicines since in some cases, between them, like homeopathy and acupuncture, mainly are practiced in quite large proportions by an official medical leucord. There will also be the nomination at the Faculty of Medicine of a multi-disciplinary group which will be supposed to reflect, to take contacts, maybe to surprise some, to evaluate with parallel medical practitioners. You are a doctor, a doctor in the traditional formula, let's say, do you first feel a need at the clientele to see other things and then how do you feel about this to see your doctor, to see some kind of development, something quite different from what you do. I think it is a paradox of the current medicine, it is that the medicine has never had so much scientific means, it does a lot of things, it does sometimes what we can consider as miracles, and at the same time, it is true that the involvement for parallel medicines has never been so great. I think it is just a little bit of a double, there is on the one hand a medicine that is maybe a lot, a little technicized, that has lost a global approach to the patient, which often gives partial answers, limited to a problem. And I think that many people who are looking for a parallel medicine approach, are looking for a global approach, a time, a availability that can be found, for example, at the start, in any case, in a technique such as homeopathy, which is discussed widely in their life mode, it is also true that yesterday, I believe, there is also a demand that is a demand that I would call impossible, which exists in front of the medicine as or parallel medicine, which is of all networks right away. And we have a very strong demand in our society that the medicine should take care of everything, and people consume widely what seems to be consumable. I believe that the borders are not narrow, they are often accused by some scientists of scientific interests, of not being scientifically proven, of being a little the horse of three parallel medicines, in physiotherapy, there are a certain number of techniques that are also, sometimes, not, often taught in medicine faculty, and it is true that we have a certain number of doctors who have made a training, completely official and who have found in the practice of certain parallel medicines a way to address the problems of the daily life that the scientific medicine does not allow. I am also struck by the fact that it is an economic phenomenon in our society with a strong market of parallel medicines, some pharmaceutical companies invest in it and research, some research talks. In any case, a third, or two thirds of the population who have recourse occasionally or not, it was interesting commission since I asked the question of knowing in the end, I asked the question of saying that it was interesting to know who in this commission had recourse to parallel medicines. And I did not think that people would answer to my great surprise, practically everyone raised their hand on the fact that they had recourse to parallel medicines. But they dare to say it. I think that 15 years ago, they might not have said it. I think that there is a phenomenon in society that needs to be recognized and given to the students in medicine, the possibility to move towards debate and to be placed in this phenomenon. Thank you Marianne. This was Marianne Huguenin-Pepiste. The great advice will resume its work on Monday, March 29, but before that, my apologies Jacqueline Morair, an attentive audience has noticed that I said that she was free. You would have corrected yourself. She is of course radical. And if we talk about the flanks with Jean-Marc Richard, let's listen to it. Good evening Christian. In the context of the life of the political lozenge, there is a subject that can be presented as a sea snake that sometimes bites its neck. It is the flanks valley. Everyone talks about it and we talk about it. And it is around the association for a harmonious arrangement of the flanks to which we have to, among other things, the process that presided over the contest and to which we owe the victory of the Referendary Committee during the last project. The flanks therefore comes back to the charge and announces that there is a referendum in the air. But finally, taking things back to the beginning, the flanks has participated in the democratic process which is born of the opposition of the lozenges and lozenges to the former project, a participation that some members of the flanks call today a procedure of a little pseudo-consultation procedure. Antoine Pitlou, maybe an explanation on your participation. Why today say that this procedure that you have demanded at the time, was finally a semi-democratic procedure at the level of urbanism and architecture? Without wanting to desolidate my little friends from the Paf, I was not part of this association at that time. On the other hand, I know that the procedure of consultation has not been managed in the way that the Paf imagined the development in the sense that consultation has been decided to ask questions with answer yes or no and the consultation commission has remained only consultative. Does this democratic process mean that for you is not a real democratic process? It is a very delicate problem indeed, since the Paf had desired this process and that we could easily accuse it of being simply unhappy with the results. On the other hand, the Paf, by asking this consultation procedure, aimed at the idea that it could express a wide circle of the population, of the elderly, etc. So, the consultation as we had it in mind has taken another turn, it is obvious. Emmanuel Vaudot as architect, as urbanist, the members of the Paf are asking for the project in town, do you think you can propose the Statucot? No, on the contrary, we can say that today we are happy because we have an alternative to propose, we have an alternative affection plan made by the members of the Paf far from being the Statucot. I can say that the region is the most necessary area of the district and it must become a city an urban area. And the other word is the achievement since this district has great potential to build. What does this mean, that we will avoid demolishing too many buildings? Well, there are some buildings that deserve to be preserved, even if some transformations should be allowed, to open the main streets on the street. You are associated with the usage of the Flon Valley, but in the end, the users, it is you who have always said it, it is citizens of Lausanne, some privileged, artistic, cultural people who occupied this valley. So, indeed, the district which was extremely restricted at the time since it was limited to people who actually rented premises is thanks to the implementation of extremely large cultural activities and as a matter of fact, we often realize that the district as such had an extraordinary architectural interest and that it was the protection. You are not afraid of objective alliances with for example the merchants of the park, the owner of which we do not know exactly what he wants, the right of the municipal council who wants to make the left fall and fall into the municipality. A beautiful cake like this one, obviously, will kill a lot of people. It is inevitable and therefore each group of pressures will seek to achieve as many things as possible. I mean, what is comfortable in this matter is that being a member of the PAF and having absolutely no personal interest to intervene in this district, I feel much more free to think about this debate in relation to someone who would defend the fact of being able to take his percentage of gains of 1%, 2%, 3%, etc. But there will still be a profitability in the project. Obviously, there must be a profitability because we have to deal with a double problem firstly the city center and secondly a owner. So we are obliged to offer something. And the interface, which is still a priority in this case of the management of the Vélédu-Flan? Yes, indeed, what you called the interface, the sector around the Grand Pond poses many problems. It is obvious that first of all we must plan all the length of public transport that is currently in the air before being able to really attack this difficult piece. And then it is important that it would be really called to become a central place and important to the heart of Le Zan. You want to avoid the metro-pond in some way? Yes, we think that the metro-pond is perfectly free. Indeed, the vertical links for pedestrians must be developed to be able to access easily the platform on the one hand from the old city on the other from Saint-François on the other. And on the other hand, we will have to go down again to the place of the lab and then the long-distance road underground. In conclusion, are there any parking and housing in your project? The parking, we have planned surfaces extremely well located for the parking. Obviously, we must see the problem of parking places in a wider area and we should refer to politics in figure, currently in Le Zan and to federal orders in the matter. A little question of detail. At the time, the APAF supported the project of Luchert. If it was the project that was proposed today by the municipality, would you accept it? And would you accept the first project of Choumi-Merlinie before the modifications imposed by the negotiations between the city and Le Zanouchi? The project of Luchert seemed interesting to us because it started with the current structure. It was rather a plan of urbanism than a simple architectural project that projects its desires on these hectares. As for the first project of Choumi-Merlinie, we found that it had much more quality than the last variant proposed. It had a certain poetic that disappeared. Personally, I would say that we must see things a little bit remotely. If it is about choosing a project on a model and saying that it is a beautiful sculpture, no, it is not a beautiful sculpture. Indeed, the project of Choumi-Merlinie, the first project before all the modifications that it had were some interesting aesthetic aspects. But knowing that this project would be done at least in 50 years and going to this area, knowing that it would completely be completely undeniable and that it would need the total destruction of the neighbourhood, at that moment, we were obliged to react and say no. A sentence that could sum up your opinion, your position. The neighbourhood has obvious qualities. It must be put in value rather than to defame it. The continuity of the city, the city needs a certain continuity to be expanded and then there is no need to do table-race for that, place for the users, place for all the qualities that we find in the neighbourhood of the companies. Next stage of discussion in the context of the Valley of the Flon, the debate at the municipal council which is announcing already this muscle spring and for the less passionate to follow before or after the elections, the Valley of the Flon will still be done by the municipal council. Good evening and see you tomorrow morning. Thank you Jean-Marc and then we will pass on to the other side of the media with Gabor Feuniadi. Good evening and good evening. What did you study for us this week? You will certainly have guessed it. I will entertain you with events in short in Russia. In fact, as usual when it comes to ideological combat, we immediately have to do with the western propaganda. The main lies in the case that we are listening to the international radio which is still a totally acquired radio because of President Yeltsin, I have been able to discover a lot of information which is clearly clearly clear what is happening in this country. First of all in the west, the media minimizes the total illegality of President's gesture. We salute his courage and his democracy, while it is nothing else than a coup d'etat. But should we remember that when it is a pro-Western coup d'etat, our journalists are ready to take effect because this influences the thoughts of the peasant beggar that we are in the good sense, that is to say in the sense that they want to remove the threads in the shadow of the new totalitarian and world of the intox. The other two examples that illustrate my proposals are the coup d'etat Algerian and Haitian. By comparing the situation in Russia and Switzerland, I would be curious to know what would our media say if the parliament decided to govern Switzerland by the U.K.A.S., by running the Russian elections or by protecting what these people have not been elected. Our media would all be alone and yet this is exactly the Russian situation on the other hand. Despite all, the facts are set. Unfortunately, it is not thanks to our media that you have been able to learn why the constitutional advice of Russia charged with judging the constitutionality of the Yeltsin coup d'etat did not receive official documents of its decision today. For these documents to be valid, it was necessary that they were signed by Vice President Alexander Rutskoi. The problem is that the latter refused to sign the paper by declaring that he did not want to participate in this coup d'etat. He added that this presidential decree violated Article 18 of the Constitution of the Federation of Russia. Our media announced to us briefly that thousands of protesters support Yeltsin. On the other hand, he is not taking care of his silence, that tens of thousands have been protesting against him for weeks. In addition, in the last few days, the protest against Yeltsin was held in a cinema in Moscow. We are not surprised if the cinema was small or large, but we are still in the midst of the few popular support that the President played. We could think that if it continues like that, these partisans will soon be able to organize a protest in a telephone booth on the Red Square. Note that if we consider the western non-monquering, it makes a few dozens of people more. Speaking of western support and support in the internal affairs of sovereign countries, what do you think of the reaction of the same media? If Iraq, Libya, North Korea and Cuba would have sent words encouraging the parliament to read Madame Christian Bruner as federal advisor. I see here the political media detachment. We would have heard of it just for a week. That the West supports an anti-constitutional coup d'etat in a country third. And here are our media, always so proud to support international legalities and the people of the country. We present this with a natural and natural way, as if nothing was that legalities were not foiled, the eternal problem of two points of measure. But what is behind this unconditional support to this old dignitary of the Communist Party and the media announces that it would be the guarantor of democracy and capitalism that we have re-baptized to give it the appearance of novelty in the market economy. In fact, the West is doing like a guine of democracy. We have the same thing with Haiti, Angola or Algeria. No, what interests us is the second flight, the installation of the possibility to pay the underground, the richest in the world that contains the XRSS. The largest reserves of raw materials in the world, such as oil, gold, uranium, diamond and many other things, are in this country. In reality, the West wants to put his hand on this immense wealth and Helsinki is our man on the ground. Helsinki wanted to in his referendum on April 25, among other questions, privatize all the lands of Russia. What would have allowed our multinational to buy into the city all these wealth, which the Russian people who have no means to buy from the land, do not want? In fact, the people say very precisely to the West the wealth and to us the misery. All this media battle is a powder in the eyes of the citizens we are. To sell us the idea that the fight that takes place in XRSS is a fight for freedom and democracy. It is one of the biggest lies of this century, because it is only the fight of the frieck and not our frieck. But the frieck is the frieck of the puppets that govern us. And if we ignore these realities, we cannot understand the function of the media. That's it, I have finished for this week. I thank you for your attention and I will give you a date next week. Goodbye Christian. Thank you Gabor Fogniou said and after the inverse of the media, passing without others, to the bitter end of Patrick Bussard. Good evening Patrick. Good evening Christian. I do not know if you are in my opinion, but the Orbisis has become a beautiful and generous democracy lesson. How do I say it? Yes, yes, yes. What is it for you for a democratic debate Christian? It is a discussion or the opinion of the minority is also taken into account, right? Well, the Swiss army, our army Christian, go, let yourself go, repress your past and the emotion that I see to point in your drunk war. I do not want to turn you into this bitter end in reality show, but precisely Christian, you will understand the show, Musgun. So our army therefore respects the wishes of the million of minority elevators who in November 1989 expressed their hope to see one day a Swiss without army. It is Galené, our dear Galené, you heard me, I did not say our dear Galené. Our dear Galené therefore understood the heroic, painful and serious decision to unload the G.S.S.A. of the work of SAP company by Andreas Gross. And all that with the greatest finesse, subtly even, we are not used to it. A little history may not be useless, so no one had forgotten the processes of the BUSC in the 70s, where millions of young people should answer to the insidious questions of the military. But what would you do if the Russians invited us, that they rape your wife and your children? Well, at least they would buy the house. You would do it for four months, firm. Well yes, all that is no longer a bad memory. Today, the army has planned its own self-destruction, physical, legal and political. Well physically, it is easy. It is enough for some Pinsgawer, who are head-on in a ravine, of a dozen of hunters per year finishing their work, some of whom died during a forced march. A ravine, certainly, but in peace, as in peace. And now, the 85 grenades. Well, there was a last time, a Timides test on the side of the tunnel, but last week, a pro-13 injured, at once. Manipulation to the right, they said. Well, there were a few decrotable war-fighters who are full, a defensive grenade kills no one during an explosion of a closed room, but it is not. During a test yesterday, and with the same grenade, dead, injured. And in full, please. Everyone is happy, the war-fighters, because the material is good. It is not like the famous assault rifle, where you put 24 bullets, you try to kill yourself, you miss. The material is good. And the pacifists, they are happy, because in a week, it will be a military handful who will not vote until June 6. Yes, at this train, there will soon be no more servants to put under military helmets. Juridically, too, the army tries to make it possible to discredit itself thanks to the spirit of the body. Yes, the one who allows to condemn the prison to make a quadra-genère who refuses to do his army, as long as they will not be translated in front of the court, the responsible for the P-26 and 27. It is the same spirit of the body which prevents, by the way, which does not prevent, pardon, from agreeing to the surprise of a gray screw under the pretext that he insisted in the honorable goal and that he does not stop him from taking the taxi despite the 15th Vierge Judiciary which was required. We did not have anything better than the system of two points of view to discredit an institution. Politically, it will not be bad either. The Council of the Vaudois, named Martin Chevalin, the commander of the company, yes, yes, you know, the son of the other, the one for whom the pilatus are not more offensive than a handful of gudio in a clou. Note, by the way, that if the choissures had arrived at the place of the clou, sure that they would certainly submit to the law on the export of weapons. So the son of Georges-André Chevalin will become Martin Soldat. It is not good news, that, well revolting. Well, it must be said that it was no longer possible to break them in the taxis, it is complete. Moreover, the taxis are so high that since they are against a recycling of agencies that they have armbated the taxis of the army. The Federal Council also puts him the dog, complicating the game and the old ladies' voting bulltains. You know, if you are against the F-18, you will have to vote for the F-18 If you are against the F-18, you will have to vote for it Yes, if you are for it, yes, yes, yes, yes, there are we must vote yes, no. It is like the French and the Bering it is the federal logic. Ah, no, you will see. The army will jump to destroy and all of this is just a matter of patience. One day, our military careers will all be demobilized. The DMF will become the DMT the Department of Motor and Taxis so far, a Durever would have well invented the stethoscope to detect the generals in the wind of their mother. Just one more thing, Christian after what I just told you you understand that I will not go back home taxi so you will accompany me to the house otherwise I'm not sure to be there next week. So I will do my best. Thank you Patrick. Next week. And then we go to a whole other subject we go to the local chronicle accompanied by Jacques André Mayeur Hello Jacques André Mayeur. Hello Christian. So today I think you heard about this liberal initiative and it's supposed to lower the tariff rate maybe you have an opinion to give us about it? Oh quickly a small volunteer comment as this initiative wants to pretend to find a solution to the problem of the tariff rates and wants the solution to reduce the rate of the tariff rates as long as they put forward their argument that the locators are directly concerned by this bias we think that instead we should react to analyze their statements we think that unlike their statements such an initiative will have no effect on the Patek Air highway when the financial markets are not even at the level of the country and the European market is still at the level of the country it is totally in the use of believing that a few million more or less placed on the delivery of tariff rates will have a certain effect on the interest rate of the Patek Air it's only that the red powder that is launched to try to pass the pill and try to convince the locators who by the other aspects of this initiative could be the gift of the force of adventure to accept because it essentially represents a fiscal gift to the privileged who have the chance to benefit from important tariff and this will ultimately create injustice in relation to the wage and finally not the source of losses that is sought for the state which for example could still be less favoritizing the creation of social housing Well and I may pass on another subject I believe that the SLOCA held a assembly of delegates recently what happened? So during the Co-Tonal Assembly of delegates it was the first assembly that this guy who respects himself to review the main events of the year to remind all the difficulties that the locators had to face the problems of the Patek Air and the reactions that we had to go through to try to stop the movement the opportunity to proceed to the statutory elections and to confirm Pierre Chiffel's hand in his role as Co-Tonal President but this assembly is also the opportunity to debate a particular subject and this year our secretary Romon Fébieler the subject very much about the deregulation and the deregulation on the rents since we know that our opponents and a certain number of politicians are preconditions without continuing for several years the need to proceed to a deregulation in this field because according to them if the rents are expensive it would be because there would be a lot of rules in the matter so by examining the question more closely we obviously fall quickly on a first goal is that their will to dismantle the existing legislation is faithful to the popular will expressed in 1945 if I remember well when the people of the Swiss are very widely very widely adopted against projects to an initiative of the Slocak against projects that despite everything constitute a significant loss and a sensible improvement at the constitutional level of the situation of the locators we predict that the law must fight against abuses the laws must be dictated to fight against abuses against abusive laws and against unjustified resilience whereas all the regulations would obviously be a false port with the federal constitution and the partisans of this regulation avoid the use of this constitutional aspect of things and popular will whereas it seems difficult to eliminate all the legislation and because it is a contradiction with the constitution their their price is finally a way to include because even if popular will existed to modify the current legislation which certainly is not the case well it would still be necessary to go first by the vote of the people of the Canthons and then it is even more difficult to analyze their arguments we see that instead of the current regime it does not propose anything consistent but a simple and pure regulation which would obviously be able to restore the situation of the Bergerie law if we can use this expression the free labor in the free chicken that's it would inevitably have a quick effect to cause a very strong and brutal increase of former landlords of former apartments and this would quickly generate a perverse effect to know that a certain number a large number of locators would find themselves in the impossibility to assume rent and it is the state that should be able to replace the social bill to find themselves in the impossibility to pay their rent and also it is the state that would directly subversion a certain number of privileged owners so it is a completely unacceptable system that it must be denounced the Slocá is printing a book that deals with this question which is entitled must it be liberalized, rent? it is currently in short subscription you can subscribe to this book for 30 frames, all understood by writing to the Slocá in Lausanne, on the 28th Bisse there are 36 frames of appearances and it is in the month of April that is it, a book that will tell us everything about what you just explained Jacque-Drymaier, that is to say the dangers of deregulation for renters with a detailed analysis especially by economists in the history of legal and economic evolution and several articles several authors very well, I think that Bonnata was taken by our audience to know better the address to which you can subscribe to this book you can call the radio 211 we will be pleased to give you all useful indications here, thank you, Jacque-Drymaier thank you, very good evening let's still remind our audience that tonight in lieu of a gala in favor of the patients reaching the Sclère aux emplacs and that it is still time to go to the place this place is at 20 o'clock and there are still places at the program, but there is, among other things the nominated cinema director and Petutiany and his ensemble here, thank you thank you to Michel Chevalet who was at the Techniques, tonight we talked about the great advice and we received Franco Delperro liberal, polar, very beautiful, radical Marian Nugnain, popist and then we heard the Apaf who was talking about the project Flonville and who presented today a project aimed at maintaining a certain number of existing constructions and which is opposed to the project Choumy and Merlinie Gabor Fognini presented us the Invers de Medial, the chronicle that was presented by Jacque-Drymaier and we heard the beat of the death of Patrick Bussard then, the evening will be sporty, it will not be the hockey but it will be the volleyball and we will listen to it at 19.36 Good evening to all, goodbye Thank you