 un en bien que le county said they are dis that on doing because dann Eyes added yes no thing I want odd mine now or亲 nana uh part un yeah the yen gebCrazy has the second oops there so much madness bleeds our Safe amateur will at conservation you you wow wow I listen to Regional on 12.8 of the band FM I listen to Asidule, the radio of the Lozanoise region hey this is Hit Pretty Baby this is Hit Pretty Baby this is Hit Pretty Baby now and that's around in London, love call me up on your telephone you want me to take you for a ride this is Hit Pretty Baby this is Hit Pretty Baby this is Hit Pretty Baby now and that's around in London, love will you call me up on your telephone talk to me for a long long time you want me to come right over this is Hit Pretty Baby this is Hit Pretty Baby this is Hit Pretty Baby now and that's around in London, love music will you dance with me and you hold me tight dance with me and you give me to the Hit Pretty Baby this is Hit Pretty Baby this is Hit Pretty Baby this is Hit Pretty Baby now and that's around in London, love will you dance with me and you hold me tight dance with me and you give me to the Hit Pretty Baby this is Hit Pretty Baby this is Hit Pretty Baby now and that's around in London, love will the Rock and Good way that's around in Good way that's around in Good way that's around in Good way that's around in Good way that's around in Good way that's around in Good way that's around in London, love alright, thank you fellas Yoagee You're a little girl, but why don't you look at me like that? Little girl, your eyes are like your mother's eyes When they're all gone, they're gone You can see everything in them Chateaux in chocolate, where you're the queen, the cake and the wood The trucks full of chicles and bottles of succed and candy from Nougat Both of them will never grow, but why don't you live? And already grown, don't look at me like that Little girl, your eyes are like your mother's eyes I haven't told you all my secrets Listen to them in advance I would say as much as there is a cloud in the sky and the flower in the sky And if it's too much, I would find a very horrible one for you Both of them will never grow, but why don't you live? And already grown, don't look at me like that Little girl, your eyes are like your mother's eyes It's true that war exists, it shouldn't be right If you can, in any case, catch it, do it, there's a thing for you But on the chavaux de bois, you're the one who's got the highest tree You can't talk to them, both of them will never grow, but why don't you live? And already grown, don't look at me like that If you can, in any case, catch it, do it, there's a thing for you But on the chavaux de bois, you're the one who's got the highest tree You can't talk to them, both of them will never grow, but why don't you live? And already grown, don't look at me like that Listen to them in advance And already grown, don't look at me like that Listen to them in advance You can't talk to them, both of them will never grow, but why don't you live? You can't talk to them, both of them will never grow, but why don't you live? You like the newbies, the inedits, the romics, the megamix So find me every Wednesday from 12am to 24pm The news on Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Local Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FMlib, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, local and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, cultural and regional information on your Radio Local Radio Radio Asidu, FM 102.8, is every day at 8.30pm Political, local and regional information on your Radio Local Radio If I took those words out loud Then you couldn't make things new Just by saying I love you La-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da More than words La-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da Now that I've tried to talk to you And make you understand All you have to do is close your eyes And just reach out your hands And touch me Hold me close, don't ever let me go More than words Is all I ever needed you to show When you wouldn't have to say That you love me Cause I'd already known What you do In my heart was turning into More than words to show you feel That your love for me is real What would you say If I took those words away Then you couldn't make things new Just by saying I love you La-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da More than words La-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da More than words La-da-da thing La-da-da-da-da-da-da La-da-da thing La-da-da-da-da Ooh More than More than More than More than More than More than More than More than More than More than More than I don't know why So here goes wild broken hearts This one is mine Cause love ain't about promises Love ain't about being nice Love is that pain in your stomach That keeps you awake all night Devil, it's me again Devil, it's me again Devil, it's me again I couldn't take the wrong way That's the problem I have to make Up there you stand You laugh, you laugh at me I opened up again This is how I know I love Why's not love that happens between friends? Cause love don't go on trees no more Let the hope understand Love is that twinkle, twinkle I can understand in your eyes Devil, it's me again Devil, it's me again Devil, it's me again I couldn't take the wrong way That's the problem I have to make Between you two, to someone else And all you turned, that knife in me Devil, please turn again Devil, please turn Turn back to me One, two, three, four Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no Devil, oh no See the young boy cry, he's crying all alone And the herd inside, he's gotta face it all on his own And the church bells ring, oh, and the Lord is praying But they ain't got time for Jimmy on their holy holy days Jimmy never felt real love at his heart, no fear ain't remain Somehow he knew he'd never be a part, so he loved his baby Night comes down, out there on the street So many sad sad stories, and when the night comes down They're running out of hope, in this land of mourning Just running in the night When the night comes down, oh, it's a cold hearted town When the night comes down, nothing but a bone cry And they're running out of hope, in this land of mourning When the night comes down, oh, when the night comes down On this background, yeah, so many, so many sad sad stories Oh, you can see it every night, when the night comes down See the young boy cry Stop that train of need And it won't be too long, whether I'm right or wrong It won't be too long, whether I'm right or wrong All my life, I've been a lonely man Trying to teach the people that hold on to this thing When I tried to do my very best I can't seem to find no happiness So I'll say, stop that train of need And it won't be too long, whether I'm right or wrong I can't seem to find no happiness So I'll say, stop that train of need And it won't be too long, whether I'm right or wrong You can make a mix Tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me more I'm a little girl with a head and a foot I'm a little girl with a head and a foot I'm a little girl with a head and a foot I want to dance with you Come on, you're a little girl, you're a little girl I have the taste of Brazilian coffee Morena is a deadly message Come dance in Portugal I'll go, I'll go, I'll go to Fariad I won't, I won't, I won't want to stop Oh, and a meringue in my heart And I want to go to the palm of this hand You have a lamp in the way of being I want to dance with you Delicious in the way of walking Delicious in the way of looking Mourena is a mortal sin Come dance in Portugal I'll go, I'll go, I'll go, I'll go, I'll go to Fariad I won't, I won't, I won't want to stop I'll go, I'll go, I'll go to Fariad I won't, I won't, I won't want to stop Oh, work, oh, work, oh, work, oh, work, oh, work, go away Go dance with what you want Go dance with what you cry And let it be what it is The last chance passes There's never going to be a comment There's never going to be a complaint And for your life, you can have it at work, go away Go there and let me go Go there and have a little better Because I'm a poor guy This life is two days What life do we have? But if I live today Tomorrow I'm not anyone If life passes by I'll be a good guy I'll be a good guy I'll be a good guy I'll be a good guy If life passes by I'll have to accompany you I'll live double the remorse Because I'll never want to stop I'll work, I'll go, I'll go, I'll go, I'll leave my father I'll go, I'll go, I'll have a little better Because I'm a good guy I'll work, I'll go, I'll go, I'll go I'll live double the remorse Because I'm a good guy I'll work, I'll go, I'll leave my father I'll work, I'll go, I'll have a little better Because I'm a good guy I visited the city And when I passed through the city I met Maria Antonio And I saw the little girls With their little children And the three mountains Well, she's the thinnest woman From that American land Hello hello from circle The beautiful Inni 44Rbean It's the Full Porturs From the beautiful Czech Republic Hello Hello from younger Inni 44Rbean It's the Full Porturs From the beautiful Czech Republic ENGINEER Fourеньi,overs워요 from the beautiful California In every day that passes, António can write, I start to use the grace to return to see. Hello, hello, Portugal, this beautiful is always the same, Mary António, is the portrait of Portugal in the clean lands of California. Hello, hello, Portugal, this beautiful is always the same, Mary António, is the portrait of Portugal in the clean lands of California. Music You left, friend, in a sad afternoon, I leave in the air so much miss, in the simple verses of your songs. You left, friend, but your image remains every song you made will be sung like a press. The road leads the river. The player who is here wants me to go wherever he is. Music The song I wrote now is talking about a friend of mine. This young man was a artist. He passed away a short time ago, always singing on the radio. Making a lot of success with the people in your heart. The song I wrote now is talking about a friend of mine. This young man was an artist. He passed away a short time ago, always singing on the radio. Making a lot of success with the people in your heart. Carlos Alexandre, I know you died, but the people did not forget the success you made. Carlos Alexandre, I know you died, but you look at me, and the people did not forget you. You are the little girl, I am the owner of my heart. You are the little girl, I am the owner of my heart. Music The song I wrote now is talking about a friend of mine. This young man was an artist. He passed away a short time ago, always singing on the radio. Making a lot of success with the people in your heart. Carlos Alexandre, I know you died, but the people did not forget the success you made. Carlos Alexandre, I know you died, but you look at me, and the people did not forget you. You are the little girl, I am the owner of my heart. You are the little girl, I am the owner of my heart. You are the little girl, I am the owner of my heart. You are the little girl, I am the owner of my heart. You left me, I didn't want to tell you who were you. A little girl died. I didn't end the spring. A little girl died. I didn't end the spring. I didn't end the spring. I didn't study again. And I don't even want to tell you. I serve the same present. And I fly from the same pass. I serve the same present. I serve the same present. I was used to it. That I wasn't sincere. That's why I didn't wait. An illusion I didn't have. You left me, I didn't want to tell you who were you. You left me, I didn't want to tell you who were you. And I fly from the same pass. I don't have any less. And the days pass by. The days go by. The days pass by. The days go by. The hours go by. If I follow the order of the stars, no one will be able to catch me. If I follow the order of the stars, no one will be able to catch me. I didn't end the spring. I didn't end the spring. Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey Angel of Grey