 With a break with two wheels Yeah Where we go, now we're cold in here today What we can do, where will you hide away? A meaning of a mind, so hard to find A union of the bodies, happens all the time You know that I'm gonna miss you When I look at you, honey I think you know We've become connected, with nothing left to say I'm afraid, nowhere else to go We are, following the star We're gonna say goodbye, try something new If I'm lucky enough, that I'll never walk before You're still replacing my heart for you I wish you all, you could want it for yourself Maybe we'll arrive up to meet you as you go your way If you ever need a friend, you're just coming up and down I will want to help you, come on man We are, following the star We're gonna take a chance, try something new If I'm lucky enough, that I'll never walk before You're still replacing my heart for you I'm gonna think about you, each and every day I'm gonna wonder what you're doing, I'll give you suicide You see the little hand, it never went away It's not your shame, when people change, someone has to pay We are, following the star We're gonna say goodbye, try something new If I'm lucky enough, that I'll never walk before You're still replacing my heart for you Oh, let's say you We are, following the star We're gonna take a chance, try something new If I'm lucky enough, that I'll never walk before You're still replacing my heart for you Oh, let's say you There goes my money, there goes my lawyer There goes my lover with another cheap haul I don't mind, I don't mind Cause he lies, and he cheats, and he cheats, and he lies I don't mind, I don't mind I'm back on my knees again Down on my knees again I never know when I've had enough The world to clear, that's what they sold The pearls just a rock in a burnt-out shell Now I don't even try to make that scene I just came and I came and I came and I came and I came And they lie, and they cheat, and they cheat, and they lie I don't mind, I don't mind Back on my knees again Down on my knees again I never know when I've had enough So I play the game, I do the deals I get the critics at my heels What else can you do? When you live in a suit Except lie, and cheat, and cheat, and lie And lie, and cheat, and cheat, and lie I don't mind, I don't mind I'm back on my knees again Down on my knees again I never know when I've had enough Nobotou Music There's a black cap down on the keyside Ships light, green eyes, cloning in the dark Two young cops handing out a meeting No how to hurt, leave no mark Down in the high-blade bar of the hotel There's a call for the last round of the day Push back the stool, take that elevator right I'm going to bed and kick my shoes away Kick my shoes away Rocks on the road Can't speak to the wild sound of the city He'll carfully unbinds heading for a fight Longest on this telephone keeps winning out of gate Just wondering who you're talking with tonight Talking with the night You're talking with the night Rocks on the road Tired of coming, wakes me in the morning The shower runs hot, the front was cold playing with me I'm up for the downside, life's a bitch and all that stuff So come and shake some apples from my tree I have to pay for my mini bar manners I'd like to phone bill overload Well, I'll buy some heavy-roading movies Rocks on the road On the road Rocks on the road Rocks on the road Crumbs on a breakfast table And a million other little things to spoil my day I bought a little light music To chase it all the way To chase it all the way Rocks on the road Rocks on the road There's a black cat down on the quayside Ships lay its green eyes glowing in the dark Two young cops handing out a meeting Know how to hurt and read no mark Down in the half-dead bar of the hotel There's a call for the last round of the day Push back the stool, take that editor in Falling back and kick my shoes away Kick my shoes away Kick my shoes away Rocks on the road Kick my shoes away Kick my shoes away Rocks on the road Rocks on the road Rocks on the road Rocks with no cuts triangles of coils Bands in a huge circle Universities are similar Be like the flowers Rocks on the road Bands in a huge circle Universities are similar Be like the flowers Rocks on the road Rocks on the road Rocks on the road Rocks on the road Rocks on the road Rocks on the road I'll take a train to know when This love is a sacrifice My heart ain't big enough babe For your paradise Oh darling, I'm crazy After all these years Don't go away my loving I might have lost a child Such a long time My dreams are running wild Oh darling, I'm crazy After all these years I'll give you all my love for free My tears are full of memories Give me love, give me all baby Catch me when I fall tonight Bit of blue, bit of blue Breaking up is hard to do Bit of blue you know that I'm too proud to cry Bit of blue, I'm bit of blue I can't take my eyes off you Let's know we just pay good price I'd be sad if you would change your mind Don't go away this love's day Love is hard to find Oh darling, I'm crazy After all these years Come save a little baby In your heart for me We can make it better Love is a mystery Oh darling, I'm crazy After all these years Oh, what's all my heart to you I gave you love in heaven too Give me love, give me all baby Catch me when I fall tonight Bit of blue, bit of blue Breaking up is hard to do Bit of blue you know that I'm too proud to cry Bit of blue, I'm bit of blue I can't take my eyes off you Let's know we just pay good price Bit of blue, I'm bit of blue Breaking up is hard to do Bit of blue you know that I'm too proud to cry Bit of blue, I'm bit of blue I can't take my eyes off you Let's know we just pay good price Let's know we just pay good price Let's know we just pay good price Let's know we just pay good price Thanks for watching! On 12.8 of the FM band, I listen to Acidule, the radio of the Los Anoas region. To you, no one wonders how you feel Opera de Cielo Detested of me Cielo The steel is dead Silence Calm and still Let's become the best Friends and every citizen Speak out of speaking mind We sing swing together When this world is unkind Speak out in silence Cielo Rich into the deep sea Cielo Silence, kids Cielo Calm and still Speak out in silence Speak out for the weak And protect the citizens Rich out across the deep Speak out in silence Speak and you will find simplicity and innocence When this world is unkind Cielo She's got a vibe You stop the breath Girl, you turn me on And I wonder if I could take you home I must confess the tight minutes that you wear I just can't help it I can't help but stare so You pump it up a little more Hey girl, I gotta let you know that you got that vibe You got that vibe You got that vibe Girl, you got that vibe You got that vibe Hey, it's one o'clock And the party's just beginning The place to jump in What a lovely scene Gotta let you know Let you know the deal What you made me And not for real So You pump it up a little more Now baby I gotta let you know that you got that vibe Oh, the vibe Baby Bye You got that vibe You got that vibe Yo, I'm up in track Yeah, how would you like to get a piece of this pop? You could be my girl And I could be your guy Yeah, cuddle me in your arms like I'm your teddy bear bear Isn't that nice? You have no fear, yo Kiss me, you fool And make me melt like butter when it comes to sand I love y'all, I'm still, still, still, still star I turn you on like a neon light Make everything alright like in the middle of the night You and your niece, somebody to love you Like them stones with how they abadaba do Kiss and caress you and hold you and my word is born Yo, P.A. She's got the vibe, hon Woo! My God! You just got it! You just got it! My Lisa's got it! Theresa's got it! Townie's got it! I tell ya, the girls got it! Boy, I tell you, men has got it! Ship is got it! And they've got it! I'll let you know! You just got it! Bye! Come on, babe, go to work on me! Go to work on me! Go to work on me! Go to work on me, baby! Go to work on me! Go to work on me! Wish- Just got it! Wish- You got it, ugh! You just got it! You just got it! Go to work on me! Go to work on me! Down there, sitting on the floor, you see life in a trombone. The new world of the modern world will be under a lot of screams. Pointing the sky, clinging to the sky, searching for the sun and the sea and the sun, to be more desirable, who is exposed to the stars like an anamorphosis. It's an illusion of optics, nothing has changed since the bitnics, and this lucidity makes you over-reacted, like on an electric chair. Pointing, clinging to the sky, jumping into the last wave of the train. Come, give me your hand to go further than a final step before the end. Yet, some dreams, some times you dive into a better place, which is so strong that it hurts the heart so much, it's so, so, so, so, so much. It's an illusion of optics, nothing has changed since the bitnics, and this lucidity makes you over-reacted, like on an electric chair. Like on an electric chair. It's an illusion of optics, nothing has changed since the bitnics, and this lucidity makes you overreacted, like on an electric chair. Come, give me your hand, call to me, my child, after all this not so far away. It's maybe next door, there may be even a bus to go back, to get out of this world of allergists, where everything that remains of good is gone, walking in the bus, where the last smiles are frozen paper, it's your prospectus, prospectus, prospectus. It's an illusion of optics, nothing has changed since the bitnics, and this lucidity makes you overreacted, like on an electric chair. It's an illusion of optics. In angelo, agioloco, in angelo, agiolore, ogoro e, in angelo, agioloco, in angelo, agioloco, in angelo, agiolore, ogoro e. In angelo, agioloco, in angelo, agiolore, ogoro e. In angelo, agioloco, in angelo, agioloco, in angelo, agioloco. Wee wee, wee wee, wee. Diado, non me tole, briste, meuecana, doweto, uvono, neledoro. No genumbi, canane, aguante mi canafu. Acuerre num bisegre. In angelo, agioloco, in angelo, agiolore, ogoro e. In angelo, agioloco, in angelo, agioloco, in angelo, agiolore, ogoro e. In angelo, agioloco. Wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, nena sebeto, kokona, nena, wime, botoyana, nena, defenumelo. Nena doje, doweto wee, nena doje, doweto wee, nena denugume. Yewaze, beto, wa ii, unne, biswa lo, denugume, dedenume, minagame. Mebisese, siangza, weghe, lo, mi do na na, wapoda, mebini, biabonino. In angelo, agioloco, inangelo, agiolore, ogoro e, inangelo, inangelo, agioloco, ogoro e. Wee wee, wee wee, ogoro e. Wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, ogoro e. Wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, maker of intel crack wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, loneliness that's walked inside, wee wee, since you left without a sign, wee wee, in the middle of the night, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, wee wee, they cut Your pride, their rebuilt our pride, in the middle of the night, in the middle of the night, I call Your Name, in the middle of the night, I call Your Name, I call Your Name, I call Your Name, in the middle of the night, I call Your Name, I lie awake, I sweat inside, I miss you so, I understand, in the middle of the night, I fall in one ring, and it's cold outside, I'm staring at the streets in the full moonlight, in the middle of the night, in the middle of the night, I call Your Name, in the middle of the night, I call Your Name, in the middle of the night, I call Your Name, in the middle of the night, baby, I call Your Name, hold me, please hold me, I dream at night that You hold me, and when we're gone, I hear Me call Your Name, over and over and over, over and over and over again, in the middle of the night, I call Your Name, I call Your Name, in the middle of the night, baby, in the middle of the lonely night, girl, I just kiss the way you are around, you want me, in the middle of the night, I call Your Name, in the middle of the night, baby, I call Your Name, call Your Name, call Your Name, call Your Name, flatten, What are you doing here, I'm just a little girl My baby, give me love As good as love can be I just leave her crying When the blues come over me I'm on a mountain I'm drowning in the sea All the clocks say midnight When the blues come over me The blues come over me I pack it up and go The blues come over me I catch a wind and blow And some will take the wine And some will take the night When everything's all wrong And everything is alright Some put it in the sun And some sing it for their dues Some go to sleep and wake up Tangle in the blues The blues come over me I pack it up and go The blues come over me I catch a wind and blow The blues come in a whisper And make you scream and shout And you'll do most anything Just a little tomorrow I may think I'm happy I may think I'm free Nothing don't mean nothing When the blues come over me The blues come up behind The blues wait up ahead The blues ask why you were born If you just end up dead The blues come over me I pack it up and go The blues come over me The blues come over me I catch a wind and blow And some will take the night When everything's all right When the blues come over me When the blues come over me Floir à haçon Inigeant dans les jaches Les vikings voient Des friandres de bière Floir à haçon Les chalutes et draguettes Les bords de ta faune D'une boîte ou de la bouche Les salarquistes dans leur salaire Fondent en larmes, mouillent en rade Les lèvres de verre saignent le foin La chaleur danse, la salle La chaleur de la bouche La chaleur danse, la suzerguiste Floir à haçon Inigeant dans les jaches Les vikings voient Des friandres de bière Floir à haçon Les ombres se cuvent Le ciel se lève Sur l'Atlantique Les journaux chèvres Au biais de vide Les rues c'est peigne Les pâres c'est doux Les naufragistes poussent leur trip Les rues de l'Irre On porte roublée De vagalades Floir à haçon Inigeant dans les jaches Les vikings voient Des friandres de bière Floir à haçon Ils frontent leur vente Au long de cuisses Donnent nuages superbes Floir à haçon Inigeant dans les jaches Floir à haçon Inigeant dans les jaches Floir à haçon Floir à haçon Inigeant dans les jaches Floir à haçon Inigeant dans les jaches Des friandres de bière Floir à haçon What if you were too fast asleep And in that sleep You were to dream In that dream You were to heaven For the flower you had to pluck Suddenly you would come What would you understand If that flower Was in your hand And he said Love, love Thread your wings above Would you like to spend the afternoon And she said Hold it Hold it I've been feeling, feeling lonely I need a man like you You Ah You're asking me If I still treat you I don't know If it's cold between Feels more like reality Than anything I've been living And if I'm dreaming What can I do? I have a voice Tell me, do you? And he said Love, love Thread your wings above Would you like to spend the afternoon And she said Hold it Hold it I've been feeling, feeling lonely I need a man like you Love, love Thread your wings above Would you like to spend your life with me And she said Hold it Hold it I've been feeling, feeling lonely I've been feeling, sad and lonely I need a man, I need a man like you Hold me Touch me Brave, brave and brave I need a man, I need a man like you Hold me A boat of voices, carrying a father All the way to the end of the earth He'll see China and the Inopalian Where people come I'll become a man But our will be good He'll be proud of me He'll bring me a glass of wine And a glass of wine He'll bring me a glass of wine And a glass of wine If the night scares me I'll tell her that my heart is at the end of the earth Where the children of kings The sabers that cut And the living horses I'll be a great man I'll defend my mother Against the thieves He'll bring me a glass of wine And a glass of wine He'll bring me a glass of wine And a glass of wine Later there will be the caresses of the waves The secrets that fill our ears The dark clouds, the storms, the tears The ocean And someone who waits A glass of wine and a glass of wine And someone who waits A glass of wine and a glass of wine And a glass of wine A glass of wine and a glass of wine At the end of the earth He'll hunt the foes The foundation of the jungle You don't enter the day I'll hide my pain I'll wait for them to come back I'll wait for them on the way And in the hand I'll g喝 Yes again There'll be people in our applicant Who will be proud of me And my father A little bit of you You'll bring me a little bit of you And a little bit of you I'll wait for them on the way And a little bit of you Good evening, Friday As you say, dear friend On the highway of an avenue Which appears in the night All of a sudden, a cry is heard Towards me, a council starts They charge me more than pass Where do I put my hands? The guy