 Don't know a thing about love, don't know a thing about it Don't know a thing about it, don't know a thing about it Don't know a thing about it Thanks guys As I sketch you in my darling Mary had a little lamb, ready or not, here I am, baby only you and I understand Skip to me in my darling Listen up, smile and we'll play a while In our same old places Nothing new, nothing, just me, just you And I skip to me in my darling Hey there little, can you tell So you say, so you say you want to meet up Only if love is all you ever need Love is all you ever need Mary had a little lamb, ready or not, here I am, baby only you and I understand Skip to me in my darling And only you, skip to me in my darling Skip to me in my darling Skip to me in my darling Put the hump in your back And something like K, K into the eye And into the belly, ooh, what you do to me Here we go, here we go, here we go Skip to me in my darling Here we go, here we go Mary had a little lamb, ready or not, here I am, baby only you and I understand Skip to me in my darling And only you, my darling Skip to me in my darling Skip to me in my darling Say to skip to me in my darling Come on baby, let's go Skip to me in my darling Skip to me in my darling My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my Skip to me in my darling Why don't you just skip to me in my darling Come on baby, let's go Standing on the front line, I'm pulling in my hair I don't feel like how am I, riding the rails, made of dead Sins of the flesh, seasons of the witch Ain't nobody gonna scratch my ears Standing on the line, tell me it's alright It's alright, it's alright Move, slow down, you're sinking so long Rise, speed, drive, and your love and your Phantom Man into the flow, roll me in the road Slow down, you're sinking, sinking so long Scratching off my finger, laying it in my ear Hanging down on the ball and chain Getting high on the devil's tears Give me a shovel, I'll take my own bed Who's the girl who'll be picked by some other shit Rise in my bag, smile, tell me it's alright It's alright, it's alright Move, slow down, you're sinking so long Rise, speed, drive, and your love and your love Man into the flow, roll me in the road Slow down, you're sinking, sinking so long Scratching off my finger, laying it in my ear Man into the flow, roll me in the road Slow down, you're sinking, sinking so long Rise, rise, rise Slow down, you're sinking so long Rise, slow down, you're sinking so long Rise, slow down, you're sinking so long Rise, speed, drive, and your love and your love Man into the flow, roll me in the road Slow down, you're sinking, sinking so long Rise, speed, drive, and your love and your love Man into the flow, roll me in the road Slow down, you're sinking so long Rise, speed, drive, and your love Man into the flow, roll me in the road Slow down, you're sinking so long Rise, slow down, you're sinking so long Rise, slow down, you're sinking so long Rise, rise, rise Stick out, stick out, stick out, stick out, stick out Slow down, you're sinking, sinking, sinking so long I listen, regional On 12.8 of the FM band, I listen to Acidule, the radio of the Los Anoas region It's a little bit funny, this feeling inside I'm not one of those who can easily hide I don't have much money, but boy if I did I'd buy a big house where we could both live If I were a scotter, but then again I know one man who sells potions in a traveling show I know it's not much, but it's the best I can do My gift is my soul and this one's for you You can tell everybody this is your song It may be quite simple, but now that it's done I hope it's on mine, I hope it's on mine That I put down in the world How wonderful life is while you're in the world I settled down, I kicked off the mobs Well a few of those verses you know make me quite cross But the sun's been quite kind while I wrote down their song It's for people like you there Turn it down So excuse me for telling you But these things that I do You see I've forgotten if they're green or they're blue Anyway, the thing is, what I really mean Yours are the sweetest eyes I've ever seen And you can tell everybody this is your song It may be quite simple, but now that it's done I hope it's on mine, I hope it's on mine That I put down in the world How wonderful life is while you're in the world I hope it's on mine, I hope it's on mine That I put down in the world How wonderful life is while you're in the world While you're in the world While you're in the world One day Political, cultural and regional information on your local radio. Two days ago At a local radio, The United States The United States On the 102.8 of the FM band, I listen to the Radio of the Los Anoises region. The United States I make mistakes like any man But I try to love you Best I can I can't convince you Though heaven knows I try I've tried to make you see To make you believe Your all that matters to me The ground that you walk, The air that you breathe Someday you'll discover I don't want no other believe me Your all that matters baby Oh, that matters to me I know that you've been hurt before But that won't happen anymore No, no Just give your heart to me And I'll guard it with my life I don't know what I do Baby, without you you're all that matters to me The ground that you walk, The air that you breathe Someday you'll discover I don't want no other believe me Your all that matters baby Oh, that matters to me Your all that matters to me Your all that matters to me People looking for paradise Well baby, I know that I found mine Oh, and if you don't believe it baby Take a look at the love in my eyes Oh, I'll be with you baby Till the end of time I'll be alright baby Just as long as you're mine Your all that matters to me The ground that you walk, The air that you breathe Someday you'll discover I don't want no other believe me Your all that matters baby Oh, that matters to me That matters to me The ground that you walk, The air that you breathe Someday you'll discover I don't want no other believe me Your all that matters baby Oh, that matters to me That matters to me The ground that you walk, The air that you breathe Someday you'll discover I don't want no other believe me Your all that matters baby Oh, that matters to me A Albert works in a nuclear power plant He has blue hair and green eyes Monique works next to an atomic power plant She eats with her nose Since she was born Nanana, Gazakina nanana Never takes advantage Nanana nanana nanana Gazakina nanana Never takes advantage Nanana nanana nanana The secretariat of Chernobyl She doesn't hit the machine With her umbrella She takes the phone With her glasses She talks to the front She hears the sound Nanana nanana Gazakina nanana Never takes advantage Nanana nanana nanana Gazakina nanana Never takes advantage Nanana nanana Another video I want to love somebody I hear you need somebody to love Oh, I want to love somebody I hear you looking for someone to love Cause you need to Keep back in the arms of a good friend And I need to Keep back in the arms of a good girlfriend I didn't know nobody And then I saw you coming my way I didn't know nobody And then I saw you coming my way Don't you need to Keep back in the arms of a good friend Oh, cause honey believe me Should I call you my girlfriend? Don't you need to Keep back in the arms of a good friend Oh, cause honey believe me Should I call you my girlfriend? Should I call you my girlfriend? Should I call you my girlfriend? Don't you need to Keep back in the arms of a good friend Oh, cause honey believe me Should I call you my girlfriend? Cause you got a good thing going baby You only need somebody to love Well you got a good thing going You're only looking for someone to love Cause you need to Keep back in the arms of a good friend And I'm never gonna set you free No, I'm never gonna set you free No, I'm never gonna set you free When we were young you pretended You were almost bothered as me Cause it made you sad and made you sorry Almost sorry as me When we were young you pretended That the world was as how we seem It made you sad and made you sorry Almost sorry as me I grant you time You make full of us These words once mine Hang on, hang on And yet they don't belong They don't belong Now we get old and you defend it All the world as it likes to be Cause it made you sad and made you sorry Almost sorry for me And you get lost inside the feeling Cause you almost feel for me Cause it made you sad and made you sorry Almost sorry for me I grant you time You scare the fool inside of us These words once mine Hang on, hang on And yet they do belong They do belong When we were young you pretended You didn't ever want to go free Cause it made you sad and made you sorry You're not a fool like me When we were young you pretended You didn't ever want to run for It made you sad and made you sorry No wonder who you are I grant you, I grant you Steady right just for seven days away I'm in the game of signing my feet I feel it all here, I can't walk without you Well, there's not more What are we going to do with this I say We have the right to work Yes, we do I don't even know what to do with it But never turn out I've been no future, it's a terrible thing Steady right just waiting for a career I don't change the dark side I don't change the dark But this I say We have the right to work Yes, we do I don't even know what to do with it I've been no future, it's a terrible thing Steady right just waiting for a career I take life in the dark side I take life in the dark side We have the right to work Yes, we do We have the right to work I listen to the jungle On 12.8 of the FM band, I listen to Acidule, the radio of the Los Anoas region I listen to the jungle No, no, no, no, no I don't change the dark But this I say I don't change the dark But this I say No, no, no, no I don't change the dark But this I say I don't change the dark I take life in the dark side I take life in the dark side That people breathe that they武 a big stone his leap left without resistance to weak it's nothing of the daily that you will go from here to my place no no no no will go from here to my place will go from here to my place or then to peace when I wanted to invent this feeling of light the sun and the wind before before the storm when we are in the end we are never going to be we are never going to be we are never we are never no no no no tomorrow the rain is falling a few lines have been decided to make wishes and to be in short to say without prejudices without playing with the trash what we say that when it comes some bad guys my alpha d is going to be those are the twelve letters of love that I want to bring to my mother who is in the 13th in return my alpha d is not going to be she has robbed she has chased the dark ones I can't make her scream that I should have changed but I do not love her I am not going to be nor to have her red under her makeup my alfabé goes to her I was waiting for a letter of love a single letter of my love the 13th of May, the song is a day my alfabé goes to her goes to her goes to her goes to her there's a black cat down on the quayside shib slides, green eyes, cloned in the dark two young cops handing out a beating knows how to hurt and leave no mark yeah, down in the hot, bled, bar in the hotel there's a call for the last round of the day push back the stoop, take that elevator right fall in bed and kick my shoes away kick my shoes away kick my shoes away rocks on the road can't sleep through the wild sound of the city here a call for the young boys heading for a fight long distance telephone keeps ringing out engaged wonder who you're talking with tonight who you're talking with tonight talking with tonight rocks on the road tired, blaming, wicks me in the morning shy runs, hard runs, cold plain with me I'm up for the downside, life's a bitch and all that stuff so come and shake some apples from my tree have to pay for my minibar madness itemized phone bill overload yeah, I'll buy some heavy rolling to move these rocks on the road rocks on the road rocks on the road hmm, hmm, hmm yeah crumbs on the breakfast table and a million other little things to spoil my day well how about a little light music to chase it all away to chase it all away yeah there's a black head down on the keyside ships lie as green eyes cloned in the dark two young cops handing out a beating know how to hurt and leave no marks yeah, down in the hoplet, borrow the hotel there's a call for the last round of the day push back the stool, take that elevator right falling band and kick my shoes away and kick my shoes away kick my shoes away rocks on the road kick my shoes away kick my shoes away rocks on the road hmm, hmm, hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hey great man it was hard to take my hand to write a belay to you, you won't understand hmm and normally that's the thing I won't do to become so close to a person like you and you didn't even need the letter I wrote to you you didn't even hear the words I said to you hey great man what's your heart, you're all filled up with hmm is it hardness, makes you indifferent, is that your job but why you're not standing in line, and all those guys who took a whole train you didn't even read the letter I wrote to you you didn't even hear the words I said to you hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hey great man do you think in my life you can't punish a man in this total control of your life hmm and maybe I'm just a pawn in your game you didn't even fold to you, you forget your own thing you didn't even read the letter I wrote to you you didn't even hear the words I said to you you didn't even read the letter I wrote to you you didn't even hear the words I said to you hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm Sci-Fi hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm reaching out to take your hand together we will stand not just in my arms but in my heart you know I love you so much I live my life with your touch cause it's chance to fade right from the start oh, oh, tell me baby oh, oh, tell me now tell me now tell me now are you too hot? can't you see us forever? I'd say with you it's getting deep cause I know they won't keep you are you too hot? can't you see us forever? I'd say with you it's getting deep cause I know they won't keep you oh, be my attorney baby come back to me baby tonight tonight tonight tonight are you too hot? can't you see us forever? I'd say don't you see us completely just because I know baby are you too hot? can't you say it forever? I'd say like it's going clean right you know we are feel are you too hot? can't you say it forever? I'd say with you it's getting deep cause I know they won't keep you are you too hot? can't you see us forever? I'd say it's like a symphony baby you know we are feel are you too hot? can't you say it forever? In this world between wars or revolutions the affairs are the affairs the words make songs on this little earth ball this wave of emotions there are so many solitaires that I tell you in a way what do I love? what do I love? what do I love? what do I love? what do I love? what do I love? in front of a cup of coffee at 10am not my make up is off I'm hungry for you I'm hungry in this city where everyone is talking to no one as soon as I have 40 seconds I tell you on the phone what do I love? what do I love? what do I love? what do I love? what do I love? what do I love? be always the same be always the only one who tells me I love when she is all alone what do I love? there are islands of Jamaica where life is half-naked Pacific's atolls where we are unknown all the rain depends on gray places can fall on our heads if I tell you to do the valises you answer they are ready what do I love? what do I love? what do I love? what do I love? what do I love? what do I love? in this world of wars or revolutions the affairs are the affairs the words make songs on this little ball of earth it's not the emotion field there are so many solitaires that I tell you in a way what do I love? what do I love? what do I love? what do I love? what do I love? what do I love? look at me again with those eyes where the games of the body are in a heart that beats what do I love? what do I love? what do I love? what do I love? what do I love? what do I love? always be the same always be the only one who tells me I love when she is all alone what do I love? what do I love? what do I love? what do I love? what do I love? What do I love? what do I love? what do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? Political, cultural and regional information on your local radio. What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? What do I love? I'm sitting in a wedding room on the station called out Trying to run the weaving band for better times I've been sitting here for years Now I'm running exactly well I carry a young woman as shown Fearing around the other one A chest with fairy magic A sweet it could be Taking no one would've got me at this misery But I come back on my mind Which one is one? I'm running on a show Fearing around the other one I'm running down the next one Which is bad for you It could be just like heaven Making love to home I prove If it wants me to wear Until the last one has gone I'm running on a show Fearing around the other one Time goes by and I still sit here Went for someone to come To come and take me by the hand Until last that has gone Hope is my companion While I sing this sad, sad song I'm carrying on a show Fearing around the other one cooks At my house Wait until this discovery is over film Revolution Mhm Everything do It's all Communication Yeah Mhm Mhm Mhm Mhm Mhm You can give to me Anything I couldn't get For myself Mhm I have needs as much as any man And I understand the feelings well I can still have a true heart With a free mind A good life With a good time I'm a good boy It's love Without the power It's just us Without the sexual He let it happen It's love Without some tenderness It's love Without the final feelings I get passionate Just like you But I have a little self control Mhm You just Show yourself a shadow too Your emotion leaves me cold I can still have a true heart With a free mind A good life With a good time It's love Without the power It's just us Without the sexual He let it happen Without some tenderness It's love Without the final feelings The final The final The final remains I can still have a true heart With a free mind A good life With a good time It's what it's known Without the final feelings It's just us Without the sexual He let it happen Without some tenderness It's love Without the final feelings The final What is love Without the final feelings It's just us Without the sexual He let it happen Without some tenderness It's love Without the final feelings It's love Without the final feelings It's love Without the final feelings It's just us Without the sexual He let it happen Without some tenderness It's love Without the final feelings What is love Without the final feelings It's just us Without the sexual He let it happen Without some tenderness It's love The final remains I can still have a true heart With a free mind Without the final feelings It's love Without the final feelings It's love Without the final feelings It's love Without the final feelings It's love It's love Avoid the smallest it is love but withhetic Love It's love With Marx Yes, I want everything on this boat of love You have to go through it All the columns and the boats I want everything I want everything Give me A child without a cradle Give me A woman without a defect Give me everything that is not beautiful Give me Pigeons and horses Give me Desires and soaps Give me everything that remains to love In this world Yes, I want everything on this boat of hope You have to go through it All the losses and losses Yes, I want everything on this boat of love You have to go through it All the columns and boats I want everything Yes, I want everything on this boat of love Where the princesses will love them All the boats and boats Yes, I want everything on this boat of hope Where the zombies and the sound All the losses and losses Yes, I want everything Everything Everything I want everything Yes, I want everything on this boat of hope All the zombies and the sound All the losses and losses Yes, I want everything On this boat of love Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music It's the darkest hour Music Of the darkest night It's a million miles To the morning light Can't get no sleep Don't know what to do I've got those midnight clothes Music Feel the shadows fall I feel the night There must be some reason Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Every evening after sundown Every lie begins to fade I feel so low but I just don't know Why these dreams won't go away It's the darkest hour Of the darkest nights It's a million miles To the morning light Can't get no sleep Don't know what to do I've got those midnight clothes I've got those midnight clothes I've got those midnight clothes I've got those midnight clothes Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music