 Everybody's angel, everybody's friend Everybody came around, we'll come around again I will stake the city, they would take the soil Anybody who sings me, will know the trouble's been a strange heart A strange year Where's your sincerity, where you say you'll be I still wrapped in this restless night, yes it still comes back to me Everybody's favorite, everybody's date Every time I see your face, I can see your strange heart A strange year The night of the night Every Friday night between 8.00 and 8.30, we meet Laurent Ziebelman in the Panorama Magazine The national and international news, commented by a great guest Every Friday night between 8.00 and 8.30, we meet on Radio Acydule FM, the Panorama Magazine Your radio journal on Radio Acydule FM 102.8 is every day at 8.30 The National Radio Magazine Political, cultural and regional information on your radio The National Radio Magazine The National Radio Magazine The National Radio Magazine The National Radio Magazine The National Radio Magazine The National Radio Magazine The National Radio Magazine On the 102.8 of the FM band, I listen to Asidule, the Radio of the Los Anoas region. The National Radio Magazine The National Radio Magazine The National Radio Magazine The National Radio Magazine The National Radio Magazine The National Radio Magazine The National Radio Magazine The National Radio Magazine When I'm sick, when I'm sick like that, someone will do something for me. And I'm just as lazy as you are. I'm so lucky, it's your favorite part. I'm so lucky, it's your favorite part. The National Radio Magazine The National Radio Magazine The National Radio Magazine Oh yes, this retirenit was broken. This is how my dad died. And I'm still covered up in the dark. Though I guess it's deep, though it is lonely, I'm certainly getting wide. I'm getting wide. Gettin' Gettin' Gettin' Gettin' Gettin' Gettin' Gettin' I'm gettin' high. And shag a big one at my knees. This isn't a lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, sunny. I'm certainly... The National Radio Magazine These oplates are in the dust. And these itty-bitty people. To see the inside of my heart. These thin, these errors. And their little tenderness. To see the inside of my soul. These tiny drama. These hurtful states. To see the inside of my head. You need glasses. Because you have the pain. To see the inside of your head. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. It's the cage and it's fear. These wretched vessels. To see the inside of your soul. You need glasses. Because you have the pain. To see the mirror in the end of the charm. All the stars that are falling. To see the inside of your head. You need glasses. Because you have the pain. You need glasses. To see the inside of your head. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. Inside your heart. You didn't care when I begged you to stay. Why don't you smile now? After me, I never walked away. Why don't you smile now? Why don't you smile? Why don't you smile now? You said you could give me much more than me. Why don't you smile now? You said you could give me everything you need. Why don't you smile now? Why don't you smile now? Why don't you smile now? Secret dress. You have your shoes. But baby, all you got was blues. Why don't you smile now? You're back. You're back in with baby. You just watch me grin. Why don't you smile now? Why don't you smile now? You said you could give me much more than me. Why don't you smile now? Why don't you smile now? Why don't you smile now? Why don't you smile now? Why don't you smile now? Smile now! Smile now! Smile now! I listen to regional On 12.8 of the band FM, I listen to Acidule, the radio of the Ozanois region. The band is the best band in the world The band is the best band in the world The band is the best band in the world The tough guys don't cry, no, the tough ones don't cry Just a norm, you'll know already that They have your dream of you, but in hope of you Like they could start all this For you The tough guys don't cry, no, the tough ones don't cry Just a norm, you'll know already that They have your dream of you, but in hope of you They have your dream of you, but in hope of you They have your dream of you, but in hope of you In the waves So baby, follow your star All the other bands don't cry Just a norm, you'll know already that Baby, baby, you know already that They have your dream of you, but in hope of you Like they could start all this For you The tough guys don't cry Baby, baby, you know already that The tough guys don't cry, no, the tough ones don't cry Just a norm, you'll know already that They have your dream of you, but in hope of you Like they could start all this For you The tough guys don't cry, no, the tough ones don't cry Just a norm, you'll know already that They have your dream of you, but in hope of you They have your dream of you, but in hope of you So baby, follow your star All the other bands don't cry Just a norm, you'll know already that Baby, baby, you know already that They have your dream of you, but in hope of you Like they could start all this For you They have your dream of you, but in hope of you Baby, baby, you know already that They have your dream of you, but in hope of you Like they could start all this For you They have your dream of you, but in hope of you Baby, baby, you know already that They have your dream of you, but in hope of you Like they could start all this Baby, baby, you know already that They have your dream of you, but in hope of you Baby, baby, you know already that Baby, baby, baby, baby Baby, baby, baby, baby Baby, baby, baby, baby Baby, baby, baby, baby Baby, baby, baby Baby, baby Baby, baby, baby, baby Baby, baby, baby They have your dream of you, but in hope of you Baby, baby, baby Baby, baby, baby Earth, where the sun is born The day you arrive Green rays of the tropical sun Snow falls in the Amazon Very Love You gave me The day Like an orchid Because a woman, when she gives life We also give The beauty Because a woman When she gives life More than what she has She also gives All the rivers The showers and the rays of the universe All the magic From Amazon Earth Where The sun was born The day Where you arrived The green ray of the tropical sun Solar and oblique From Amazon Because a woman Who gives life We also give