 Her love is like a candle, you light it up at night. Her heart is like a bag of cards, one chance to guess it right, sometimes I do. She got a tongue like a viper, but she can whisper like a dove. Soft touch like brushed velvet, till she hits you from above, sometimes she does. She leaves me breathing down like a fallen log, just when I feel like dancing, I wake up. Sleep with a dog, sleep with a dog, sleep with a dog. I have to guess at the mysteries of her unfathomable soul. Guess when the time seems right to make a broken spirit home, that time is due. She leaves me breathing down like a fallen log, just when I feel like dancing, I wake up. Sleep with a dog, sleep with a dog, sleep with a dog. Sleep with a dog, sleep with a dog, sleep with a dog. Sleep with a dog, sleep with a dog, sleep with a dog. Sleep with a dog, sleep with a dog. Where are all the good men gone and where are all the gods? Where's the street white earth that leads to fight the rising odds? Isn't there a white night upon the time she's late at night? I'm holding out for a hero till the end of the night. He's gotta be strong and he's gotta be fast and he's gotta be fresh from the fight. I'm holding out for a hero till the morning light. He's gotta be strong and he's gotta be strong and he's gotta be love and life. Love you and life. Somewhere after midnight in my wildest fantasy. Somewhere just beyond my reach, someone reaching back to me. Resting on the thunder and rising with the heat. It's gonna take a superman to sweep me off my feet. I'm holding out for a hero till the end of the night. He's gotta be strong and he's gotta be fast and he's gotta be fresh from the fight. I'm holding out for a hero till the morning light. He's gotta be strong and he's gotta be love and life. I'm holding out for a hero till the end of the night. I'm holding out for a hero till the morning light. I'm holding out for a hero till the morning light. I can swear there is someone somewhere watching me. Through the wind and the chill and the rain and the storm and the blast. I can feel his approach like a fire in the blood. Like a fire in the blood, like a fire in the blood, like a fire in the blood, like a fire in the blood. I'm holding out for a hero till the end of the night. He's gotta be strong and he's gotta be fast and he's gotta be fresh from the fight. I'm holding out for a hero till the morning light. He's gotta be strong and he's gotta be good and he's gotta be love and life. I'm holding out for a hero till the end of the night. I'm holding out for a hero till the morning light. I'm holding out for a hero till the morning light. I'm holding out for a hero till the morning light. I'm holding out for a hero till the end of the night. I'm holding out for a hero till the morning light. I'm holding out for a hero till the morning light. Did I disappoint you? Or leave a bad taste in your mouth? You act like you never had them. You want me to go without. Well, it's too late tonight To drag the past out into the night. We're one, but we're not the same. We get to carry each other, carry each other. Oh. Have you come here for forgiveness? Have you come to raise the dead? Have you come here to play Jesus? To the lepers in your head? Did I ask too much more than a lot? You gave me nothing else. Oh, I got one. Well, we're not the same. Well, we heard each other, and went to it again. You say, love is a temple. Love the higher love. Love is a temple. Love the higher love. You asked me to enter, but then you made me crawl. And I can't be holding on to what you got. When all you got is hope. One love, one love, one life, you got to do what you should. One life with each other, sisters, brothers. One life, but we're not the same. We get to carry each other, carry each other. Oh. Oh. Oh. Baby, baby, baby. Oh. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. I see you're such a wheezer, I don't like to touch your feet. Below it's even better when you sit behind the wheel. I got a ambition, devil finding vision under the denies. You may like it, let me try and steal it. Denies, you may like plenty of vision. Yes, my boss, I don't want no collision. No collision. I'm a main man with a microphone stung. Chat to words, so make me understand. So I take a dead sign to see everything in life. When I'm caught in the middle of a good deal in my life. You told me what I'm finding, the mind's a fright. And I suffer this, this is going for me. When they call my key one top or more knee. I want my body count found, E-H-P. Long term pretty time, intro three. Five, zero, one, two, guarantee. Guaranteed. Guaranteed. Guaranteed. The denies seem to like to pose to you in. Denies seem to like to hope and try and steal. Yes, my boss, but what's that deal? Down my boss, I'm the double-sit. Denies that I'm in my boss. You have a deal, I'm not allowed to fight my dumb-mobile. Dumb-mobile. Anywhere I go, just working in the swing. Just working in the swing. I'm a main man and the microphone's fun. Just to earth doesn't make me understand. I'm a main man and the microphone's fun. Just to earth doesn't make me understand. The denies seem to like to pose to you in. Denies seem to like to hope and try and steal. Yes, my boss, but what's that deal? Down my boss, I'm the double-sit. Denies that I'm in my boss. You have a deal, I'm not allowed to fight my dumb-mobile. Dumb-mobile. I'm a just no. It's a clue. I'm a main man and the microphone's fun. The demies seem to like to pose to you in. Dumb-mobile. Dumb-mobile. Dumb-mobile. I'm a main man and the microphone's fun. Just to earth doesn't make me understand. I'm a main man and the microphone's fun. Just to earth doesn't make me understand. Just like it is true.eenly right I go, just like it is true. just like it is true. including me right I go. just like it stếck, just like it is true, just like it is true, Just what my, Just what my, Just what my, Just what my. l Crazy Regs Borah Ba dumег candy candy Candy Candy On 12.8 of the FM band, I listen to Asidule, the radio of the Los Alamos region. We will take advantage that it is practically soon the anniversary that it makes a bail that Jean-Pierre Stierbois is dead. To observe together and in emotion, one minute of boucan. Happy birthday to you! Not too strong anyway because it could wake him up. Here is a wave, it is in memory of a tree. A wave is a little melancholic, a wave is taut. When the leaves die, which fall off the tree, fly a little bit carried by the wind to finally end up on earth. Glory to you Jean-Marie Lapine! Finally a man with a good rock and deep in the rock. After the thinnest analysis, it would be really very big balls, two huge record balloches, two big pineal but all in a canoe. Glory to you Jean-Marie Lapine! Because in the shadow of your big dick, the heart of the real French palpit. Women in the kitchen are turning, with much more courage, the leather in wood, in the fridge, dreaming of a sky full of ice, water rising in the palace, in your image. It is super hard to do that and that at the same time because you tend to do it like that if you think about it. Fortunately I repeated it, no problem. Glory to you Jean-Marie Lapine! When you are with a type of PC, with a death blow, you beat yourself. And you Le Pen, at Rapitler, and you the marketer, take your line in front of your two big squelches. We would like to buy two goons to send you to play on another planet. Glory to you Jean-Marie Lapine! In front of such a beautiful cake. Joan d'Arc, was she your most beloved? This question kills me, Lupine, if she had been a soldier in 60, on the side of Algiers, how long would her virginity have been held in front of her little boy? I'm sorry. Glory to you Jean-Marie Lapine! Defender of the oppressed rich. Billions of her favorite. Poor goons in the débine. Pharmacists who go without shoes. You defend the real poor too. The real goons without a rady, but the rich go with the price. There are also these poor goons. It's a lack of information. Glory to you Jean-Marie Lapine! For your frankness, when you tell us that the Sida is a crime, whose prevention is easy in front of these stories of tapets. You're strong! Your sauces are pure poor. All the trash caner rolls around and clacks on our faces. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. I don't wanna hustle Just to get through When it all comes down baby All I want is you I don't wanna argue I don't wanna fight I don't want no politics baby All through the night, no I told you before I wanna take it once more For the last time baby Open up your door All I want is you All I want is you I ain't gonna care what you do You're not gonna know All I want is you Hey baby If you don't be loved You gotta be not the heaviest metal Always the love you and me baby Hang in there It's gotta be It's gotta be love But Baby I don't need a doctor Don't need a nurse Don't need no prescription baby Only make me feel worse I don't need a license No, no insurance You don't need a ticket where we're going baby You got my insurance, yeah I told you before I wanna take it once more For the last time baby Open up your door All I want is you All I want is you Hey baby I ain't gonna care what you do But let me tell you All I want is you If you don't be loved You gotta be not the heaviest metal Always the love you and me baby Hang in there It's gotta be It's gotta be It's gotta be love And listen I told you before I told you once more For the last time baby Open up your door All I want is you Baby all I want is you All I want is you All I want is you All I want is you And I ain't gonna care what you do vehicles I don't know what you're gonna do All I want is you Baby All I want is you And I ain't gonna care what you do I don't need money All I want is you All I want is you All I want is you And I ain't gonna care what you do All I want is you All I want is you All I want is you You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You