 I know a girl, sur, sur, sur, sur, sur, taking such a beautiful name. There's culture, ture, ture, ture, ture, ture, as long as a Nobel prize. In addition, she's sur, sur, sur, sur, where to make love? She can do that, sur, sur, sur, sur, a plane sailing on the roof. That's why I love her, little Tyrell. And I understand, my little ones, that you're jealous, she's got eyes. Ture, ture, ture, ture, ture, the day of the man who's poor. The car, ture, ture, ture, ture, in her room these days. And her wall, wall, wall, wall, wall, wall, wall, at the lab competitions. And then she's sur, sur, sur, sur, sur, since she's got the hair of her dad. That's why I love her, little Tyrell. And I understand, my little ones, that you're jealous,estry, ture, ture, ture, ture, ture, ture, rainbow and Putzini, the pure, pure, pure, pure, pure, pure, pure, pure, pure, pure and modigliani. The cupon ture, ture, ture, ture, ture, ture and the ribbon adhesives. The high-cut ture, ture, ture, ture, ture, the Greek is the perfect subjunctive. That's why I love her, little Tyrell. And I understand, my little ones, that you're jealous,estry, ture, ture, ture, ture, ture, And ow Harry của fuck Some body-sh exceptions. In the post- tendencies Ture, ture, ture, ture, ture, Ture. Who would enhancement my wife? I'm the cracker, trick, tricky, tricky, tricky one leaving this bed. And she's no longerấy r kızish, Ricky's mbe, it's no less that snuff words ofülff none soeh, we write it for my m discovering and saving my wife's son. That's why I love her, little Irène. And I understand my nanny, that you're jealous, it's not sure, sure, sure, sure, sure, but I think she's cheating on us. Under her bed, ture, ture, ture, ture, ture, ture, I found another pump. If he's an adventure, ture, ture, ture, ture, ture, I'm stuck in this dirty child. I'm a little bit of a trick, tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky one leaving this bed. That's why I love her, little Irène. And I understand my nanny, that you're jealous. 2000-té de main, j'ai le cœur mandarin, comme à la récré. 2000-té de main, on parafait qu'un, je t'aime arriver. Il est bien plané dans ma musique, dans ma tête et sur le papier. J'ai ton prénom, itali, toi tu m'as toujours fait rêver. Près des enfants, elles se baladent dans la cour de toutes les récré. Sur le chemin des vagues à l'âme, il y a des milliers d'histoires cassés. 2000-té de main, est-ce que tu le souviens, t'as pas oublié? 2000-té de main, on parafait qu'un, moi j'ai pas changé. 2000-té de main, j'ai le cœur mandarin, comme à la récré. 2000-té de main, on parafait qu'un, je t'aime arriver. On a poussé dans un coin de son split, qu'on soit cow-boy ou indien. Un rêve en partance pour la Chine qui s'est arrêtée à Pantin. 2000-té de main, est-ce que tu le souviens, t'as pas oublié? 2000-té de main, on parafait qu'un, moi j'ai pas changé. 2000-té de main, j'ai le cœur mandarin, comme à la récré. 2000-té de main, on parafait qu'un, je t'aime arriver. 2000-té de main, est-ce que tu le souviens, t'as pas oublié? 2000-té de main, on parafait qu'un, moi j'ai pas changé. 2000-té de main, j'ai le cœur mandarin, comme à la récré. 2000-té de main, on parafait qu'un, moi j'ai pas changé. 2000-té de main, on parafait qu'un, moi j'ai pas changé. I remember every word you said, I can't go on this way. Last night you had me going out of my head. Should I go or stay? Well I've given you everything that one woman could give a man. So when you're gonna recognize and realize just what we have, now tell me. Who you gonna believe, oh me? What you gonna be? Who you gonna believe, before your heart shatters? Love is all that matters. You put me through that loveless game. Over and over, someday someone's gonna put you through the same. Love or to love, I hope you don't find out too late. I hope you never have to feel the pain. Cause if you lose the love you took for granted, that you would never appreciate. Who you gonna believe, oh me? Who's it gonna be? Who you gonna believe, before you make up your mind, you better take some time. What about me? Don't you think I need a man here standing by my side? And what about you? You need a woman to hold you through those cold little lonely nights? Oh what about us? We belong together forever and ever. Oh, I'll be there, you should ever need me. Oh, I know everything will work out fine. Just believe it, oh I know. Cause we've been through this a million times. Keep on believing. Well I hope you don't find out too late. Hope you never have to feel the pain. Cause if you lose the love you took for granted, that you would never appreciate. After all this time. Who you gonna believe, oh me? Who's it gonna be? Who you gonna believe, who are you fooling? Well you're not fooling me, no. Who you gonna believe, you can't risk it all. Oh what's up with this world? You're wondering if it's love. Oh baby, baby you should know that. You can't believe in me. Believe in me. Believe in me. Cause we can't just let it slip away. No we'll never let it go. I'm listening to the regional. On 102.8 of the FM band, I'm listening to Asidule, the local radio station. And feel the music. Feel the love on the beat all night. Feel friends to the door. Let's have sex on the floor all night. More music. Make it hip. Dance with me, right, dance with me, dance with me, dance with me, make it love. All night. Keep on moving, keep on moving, dance with me, dance with me, make it love. Tonight. Dance with me, right, dance with me, dance with me, dance with me, make it love. All night. Keep on moving, keep on moving, dance with me, dance with me, make it love. Tonight. Your head on my heart. For the rest, let me start tonight. Remote my control. Just use me like a tool. Tonight. More music. Make it hip. Dance with me, right, dance with me, dance with me, dance with me, make it love. All night. Keep on moving, keep on moving, dance with me, dance with me, make it love. Tonight. Dance with me, right, dance with me, dance with me, dance with me, make it love. All night. Keep on moving, keep on moving, dance with me, dance with me, make it love. Tonight. More music. Make it hip. Make it hip. More music. Make it hip. Make it hip. More music. Make it hip. Dance with me, right, grandmother, dance with me, dance with me, dance with me, make it love. All night. Keep on moving, keep on moving, dance with me, dance with me, dance with me, make it love. Tonight. Dance with me, right, grandmother, dance with me, dance with me, dance with me, make it love. All night. Keep on moving, keep on moving, dance with me, dance with me, make it love. Tonight. Keep on moving, keep on moving, dance with me, keep on moving, dance with me, keep on moving, dance with me, dance with me, dance with me, make it love. Tonight. I listen to regional. On 12.8 of the band FM, I listen to Acidule, the radio of the Los Alamos region. It's nothing, you know it, time goes by, it's nothing, you know it, it smells like boats and soda. It's nothing, you know it, time goes by, it's nothing, you know it, it smells like boats and soda. It comes back for a boat that goes and comes back. There are a thousand black coquilles on your way, which flows very well. And it's the turtarelle's ass that goes away from her. The duvet was your bed one morning, and it's a new flower that's going to make it gray, like a little water drop on the ocean. It's nothing, you know it, time goes by, it's nothing, you know it, it smells like boats and soda. It comes back for a boat that goes and comes back. There are a thousand black coquilles on your way, which flows very well. And it's the turtarelle's ass that goes away from her. The duvet was your bed one morning, and it's a new flower that's going to make it gray, like a little water drop on the ocean. It comes back for a boat that goes and comes back. There are a thousand black coquilles on your way, which flows very well. And it's the turtarelle's ass that goes away from her. The duvet was your bed one morning, and it's a new flower that's going to make it gray, like a little water drop on the ocean. La la la la. Let me watch yourself. Let me watch yourself. Let me watch yourself. I got my hands on you. Feel my love. Go away. Don't tell me you've seen me in nine days. Let me watch yourself. Let me watch yourself. Let me watch yourself. I got my hands on you. Yeah. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. People all talking all over town. They say don't love me, I'm gonna put me down. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. Tell me what's the matter, what you gonna do? Say you gonna quit me then you say we're through. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. Let me watch myself. I've got my heart on you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Have you ever loved a woman? So much you're trembling pain. Have you ever loved a woman? So much you're trembling pain. All the time you know she bears another man's name. Have you ever loved a woman? So much it's a shame and a sin. Have you ever loved a woman? So much it's a shame and a sin. All the time you know she belongs to your very best friend. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Have you ever loved a woman? When you know you can't leave her alone? Have you ever loved a woman? And you know you can't leave her alone? Something deep inside of you. Won't let you wreck your very best friend's home. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.