 The National Radio of the World Hello, dear audience. Dear audience, on the afternoon of the day, we are back in our show, The Land of Your Cigars and Sibos, on the waves of Radio Acedul, let's recall it, the regional radio, the Zanoises, the Vaudoises, and that we can hear very well in our entire region, the emanics. Well, if this year, the 7th anniversary of the Confederation, we saw a lot of things, a lot of beautiful things, we walked, we participated in a lot of things in every country, in every Switzerland, of course, let's recall that Morge celebrated his 7th anniversary in 1986, that is to say, five years ago, which makes Morge more old than the Confederation, since Morge can be targeted to have 705 in existence. The city of the Ducs de Savoie was illustrated in the last centuries and has made a lot of talk about it because life was sometimes peaceful, sometimes tumultuous, and at that time, we also followed revolutionary countercurrents, occupying the problem of emigrants, and in this good city of Morge, we also re-evaluated, we also suffered, and we also suffered from the Afros, like every country, every European city, at some times. We knew the plague, of course, let's recall Dr. Yersin, who invented the vaccine against the plague, but quickly closed the parenthesis, let's come back to our propos, Morge, the city that celebrated its 7th anniversary in 1986, sorry, its 7th anniversary. That's how, on Tuesday, it was October 22, we broadcasted the first part of an opera called La Neuf in the City, an opera quite modern, musical, well played, well sung, La Neuf in the City, where the governor surprised. This opera is well-known to the Morge audience, and we will give you the second part later, let's recall that the book is by Mr. Tauks Becla, by the music by Beauvard, by the realization of Demière, the Galle chords, and that a 30-year-old comedian and a participant have animated this show, which had, I must say, a great success already at the time, in 1986. But what about La Neuf in the City? Let's recall a few words. What about an opera by Beauvard, a musical show where each one brings its picnic for the whole family? But it's about a fun, played and sung, a fantasy, a mix of opera, humor and emotion. There was drinking and eating, so it was at the Beau-Sobre Theatre that we also played this occasion. Let's recall that Morge celebrated in 1986 a lot of things, there were many beautiful parties, the day of the bourgeoisies, Morge's bee, the Vendage Festival, the International Rallye-Quest, the La Neuf-Denis show in La Ville, and in September, another great show with 2,000 participants, that is to say, the participants and comedians were the people, the inhabitants, all the best. So, our opera by Beauvard, in the second part today, we have progressed in time. In the first chapter, there was the banquet, which gathered the Morgians, there were already 1,700 inscriptions, the second group was invited and official, it was events of the time where we ate and drank a lot. But far from gastronomy, let's talk about the bill, if we dare say so, this opera was a budget of 360,000 francs, an important sum, which is explained by the number of creators of this superb production. So, we will give you, at the end of this second part, the name of the comedians, the generic, but already pointing out that as a participation, there was the heart of the coins in special composition for this creation, and then the symphonic orchestra of Morge for music, the orchestra of musical encounters, rather. So now, at the end of the discussion, let's listen and start again with the second part of the opera. Sos Morgienne, the Neve in the city, created for the seventh century anniversary of Morge in May 1986. Sos Morgienne, the Neve in the city, created for the seventh century anniversary of Morge in May 1986. In the city of La Penine, a man who was born a man who was born a man who was born a man who was born a man who was born a man who was born a man who was born a man who was born a man who was born young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young young