 Music Applause Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the 102.8 d'Acidule, the region's radio in the Zanoise, 17-18 hours, fast B on the long road, today we have the pleasure of having you in this portrait magazine, Jacques, good evening. Good evening. I would like to talk to you just very close to the microphone, so that we can fully enjoy your voice today. We will enjoy talking about a new book that just appeared, Jacques Cécer, a collection of poems that we will talk about later, and at the same time we will also take the opportunity to talk a little about you, about your character, Jacques Cécer. Everyone knows who Jacques Cécer is, even if they have never read books, or maybe they haven't followed your courses to the city, and how do people base themselves on this idea? It's a bit of a question that we will be asking ourselves tonight. Jacques Cécer, who is Jacques Cécer and what is the myth that lives and that revolves around this name, which is this character that we see passed between these classes and is dried up. Sometimes we find it in the little black bistro, in the middle of a new book, or to write a few words on a piece of paper. So that's a little bit of this life that we will trace today, for an hour, and maybe in the second part of the show, we will be able to talk about this poem book, to see how we do it, in the end, to make poetry, and to make a book for the seventh century, because we can say that this book was made as a command of the seventh century. You may have been talking about it earlier. So I may suggest you, in the first half of the show, a question that came to my mind as soon as we gave the idea of an show with Jacques Cécer. I said to myself, it's curious. When we look at his bibliography, we meet a quantity of books, it goes from the journalistic chronicle to the pamphlet, some books of criticism. We had talked a few months ago about the book on Flaubert, in the context of the film by Mme Bovary, stories, novels, tales, news, essays, some more critical arts, you told me earlier, a great correspondence too, and there, a poem book. In the end, the question I wanted to ask you, how do we do it, to go from one style to another, without being blocked by the desire to write in another style and not finish the writing we are doing? I have always considered that I had in my nature a certain number of powers that I had not at all limited. I do not believe that I belong to this family of writers who have only one instrument at their disposal. You know, there are people who are excellent flutists or very great violinists, but they have only that. Personally, I consider myself as someone who is sitting in front of a very great organ. And on this organ, he can play in the background of everything. He can, in this vast record, find a great number of different voices. In fact, it's a whole symphony that he proposed. So sometimes, he draws the piston that corresponds to the little flute. Then he has another key, that's the bass. And then he has a trumpet sound. And then even with the organ, he can engage in a kind of roll of singing, like that, under the jacket, to hold a very long melody, supported by a percussion, etc. I believe that I have in me, like that, various possibilities and that I have not gone to earth. So there is no anatomy at all, there is no contradiction to use both poetic voice or Romanesque voice or critical voice. For me, it's the same voice, but that I modulate in tonalities, in records, in rhetoric, in techniques, in a different way. What motivates these technical changes, on the one hand? And on the other hand, how did you start with these different techniques? Because you talk about an organ with different records. And obviously, we are not necessarily, I would say, started like that by genetically programmed to write. How did I access it? I still think that we are genetically programmed, as we have a father who is writing himself, a great father who has written, and that we are someone who has always seen his father write, not the PdManus, but correct the tests, run to the printing house, and sometimes someone who has accompanied this father to the printing house, precisely, or who was sure his knees were correct when he was writing the tests. For me, I was four or five years old, and I already saw that, I was a child of the ball. So there is a good element, in between, genetic guillemets. But we learn. If we do not know how to play the organ immediately, we learn to play different instruments, instruments in childhood, instruments in adolescence, it is often the poem at that time. I started writing a lot, by needing to write poetry, by publishing very young poems in magazines, then 20 years in the first book, because it was the voice that was the most natural to me. Little by little, there is the learning, which is a painful learning, but prodigiously joyful, of the technique and of its powers. And then we learn, we learn to be connected with the story, we learn the dramatization of the story, we learn the voices of the story, we learn to not only listen to the inner voice, the lyric voice of poetry, but to modulate, to play with the voices of others, we learn a lot to listen. When I wrote books like Carabas, which made scandals, or Portrait of Vaudois, which was a kind of bestseller, which became a classic, I listened and I tried to retransmit how the imitators do it, you know, who imitate voices. I imitated dramatically the voices of my neighbors, my compatriots, my friends, people at the café, people in life. I read a lot of newspaper articles, I read a lot of newspapers at the time, I continued, by the way, like 24 hours, I read all the small ads, I liked to answer, I liked to answer through the small ads, I liked the chronicle of villages, I liked what we call the crushed dogs, because I heard, if you want to beat the heart of a whole people. And that, by limitation, I found very often procedures, writings, which became very natural to me. And at what time does it decide the choice of writing mode? Is it the opportunities, is it old, is it a choice to release, at some point, to want to open maybe a new field? There is never an external opportunity, it would come from opportunism, it's a perfectly internal opportunity, it's a necessity. First, I write all the time. And I write all the time, I always exercise in writing, in notebooks, on paper, I always train in my pockets, and I can write anywhere, in a train, in bed, in gymnasium, in a forest, at my work table, in the kitchen while I make coffee, or I feed my cats, I write all the time. I don't have a taboo, I'm not like those people who need a work office, a captain, I don't need to put finger-wrapping or or a belt on my walls, or dictionary walls, or to carry around a kind of rolling-eye photo. No, I write anywhere. That's already a big advantage, I'm a practical person in writing. I write with anything, because I like all the materials, but I have to appropriate them, notebooks, notebooks, absence reports, contraventions, I don't need that, and the colours are funny, they're pink, green, they're natristic, they're pretty when you put them in a notebook. I like that. The opportunity is a deep necessity. Soon, one day, because there was an event, I needed to tell them. And that's my native taste, I think, of the story, of the account, of the story that doesn't take place. It's also a poem, but that poem doesn't suit me at all in its pure lyricism, in its pure religion. So this poem becomes a kind of story. You probably noticed that in the recent book The blinds of the only eye that seem to be day-to-day, there are stories, poems that carry stories. It's not new. It's clear that all poets have told stories. First, the epic poets of antiquity, it's heard, but there are modern poets who tell us about love stories, scandals, horrors, and evasions, through lyric poems. The other day, a article of my friend Bertil Gallo associated me, and I really liked that, with Pasolini. Well, it's true. Gallo is the first to have made this remark of my parenthesis with Pasolini. Because at Pierre-Paulo, there is the love story. There is sometimes the story of sexual differences. There is the story of passions, or of the passion that proves it in the place of such or such a boy. And I realized that when I started writing love poems, I didn't just need to sing, but to tell. And so, the story, if you want, took its natural part of poetry. Even in my novels, or in my stories, or in my news, and finds a natural place inside the story. So, you see that this appearance of division of genres, not poetry on the one hand, like in classical literature manuals, at Lancôme, there are poets, and then there are... No. I want to practice everything on the organ, precisely. But I'll tell you, when my great testimonies in literature are Flaubert, but Flaubert also speaks to all genres. Inside Bovary, you have satirical pages, you have the way of... so, of the parodies or pastiches, you have the discourse of the beauty, you have moments of pure poetry, like the first train of Rodolphe, Boulanger and Démain on board his head, with the long back, the birds coming, these beautiful prodigies. It's a poetry of an extraordinary purity in this writing that we said in writing of satire, of the beauty, of the error of being in the world. But no, here is a pure religion. And then, I don't forbid myself but look at Shakespeare. I'm going to take again great examples and why not, at Rabelais, at Voltaire, at the people who loved Flaubert and Jemois as well, at the Marquis de Sade, at Molière. There are all genres at the same time. You have at the Marquis de Sade, in the description of the castle of Sylig in the 120 days, a moment of exaltation, alpestre, which is the visionaries of the discovery of the Alps, of the Saussures, for example, because that was also a poet. And I don't see why, I would intercede to him. Where this kind of great machine, if you want, that I have at my disposal and that I don't want to let it be shamed. You're talking about a need to write, is this need materialized at the time of clean writing? Or is it also, maybe it's a compliment, I read, I read, that is to say, do you read again? Or do you find a deep pleasure in your reading? No, I don't find any pleasure when it's clear to read again, because I don't read again. I read again at the time of the correction of the tests, which unfortunately carry their name very well, the tests. So here I read again and then I read again when I have to make a conference, like the other day, on Tuesday, very exactly in Bern, where I was going to talk about Flaubert, in front of a very demanding and very friendly audience, because it's the audience of the French Alliance. So here I am forced to read again and to use my notes or my works on Flaubert to talk in the perspective that these people are wHaïti ng for me. But then I will tell you in all sincerity that outside of conferences or public reading, or necessarily I have to do my own poetry or my own work, I never read again. Because I don't have time to lose, I want, on the contrary, to read the great texts that have fed me and then when I have time, what I try to have, of course, to get used to constantly, it's to write from the new. It's to write what I, as a need for writing, absolutely permanent, which is to invent new forms, because it seems to me that a lot of books have never been made and that I am the only to be able to do in any humorous way. Jacques Chesset, I propose you a first musical interview with a piece of Juliet Greco in Cordeon. For the Cordeon, he takes his brushes to run the string that holds his pants in the Cordeon. In the Cordeon, in the Cordeon, in the Cordeon, in the Cordeon, in the Cordeon. But one day, by the attitude he will leave the loneliness to the horizon of the Cordeon. He will take 50 of his brushes to the brachon and we will pay more attention to the Cordeon. Jacques Chesset, we are talking about writing. We are talking about this need. What kind of writing is important to you? We already have a little bit of it defined, but to go further, I would say, I try to refresh you by asking you what Jacques Chesset read, Jacques Chesset. Jacques Chesset does not read, except in case of need for writing. I would say that except in case of absolute need. We talked about it earlier. What is the reason of this writing act? What is important to write is at least three things. First, it is to have absolute trust in his autocratic power. When you write, you have to know that we are not only here to invent, to watch this invention, and to destroy it when it is not what we want. I am very fascinated by the work of Giacometti. I did not know Giacometti when I started working, but I realized that the extraordinary self-destructed self-destructed Giacometti produced a sculpture that was enough to my vision of the work of an artist. It is a work of an demand and a cruelty to his own eyes which is constant. You have to know how to rattle. And all the poets I admire from Flaubert to Francis Ponge are poets of rattle. So the first virtue for a writer, while taking it seriously, is to know in his serene to bend, to turn into a bullock to destroy, to rattle as I like to say it, to make a work born the one that he really wanted to do. It is difficult to find what he wanted to do. It is only at the end of a very long work but which is not necessarily unpleasant and which is not odious. It can be exaltant, it can be quite joyful because it is interesting to work. But at the same time you have to be brave to be wise. You have to know about time and space. I have a job that I like a lot which is to give lessons, if I may say, to teach the French in a gymnasium in Lausanne. I realized very early that I learned a lot by teaching and that my students by their presence, by their intelligence, by their criticism, I would not say all the time because they would be of the same kind but in any case a lot of what I also brought them. There was a work, a mutual assistance which was very important. But I have to move from time because if I want my courses to be audible and to be able to do campings almost every day in the gymnasium I have to have a life of time, an space that allows it. So you have to try to lodge the writing in the 24 hours of the day in such a way that we can continue to live with it without having a kind of destruction or mutual self-destruction. And then you need a third thing you need a healthy devil. God is the devil. I was a time where I drank a lot of alcohol. I spent many years of my life drinking a lot and to drink without a break because I drank all the time. And in fact I realized after some time that this occupation because it is an occupation of drinking alcohol did not destroy me so much that she was occupying me and she was taking me a considerable amount of time on the practical, active life that consists of writing books. And I realized that the third dimension of the equation that we are trying to establish together is time. But time and the confused health I will go back to the Edith in such a way that the innermost, the memory the heart rate, the respiratory power is linked to the daily creation of the work in question. So again, you have to have a reserve of modesty and humour to say I'm not giving a program to a DJ, an athlete to make him do marathons. No, but you have to consider that the investment of a writer in his work as a painter in his work as a musician, an orchestra chef is a question of muscle, organic, physiological, chemical which is considerable. And this one in the other or in the other makes us work correctly. So you see, I would be confused of mystical vocations too easy. My poems are often mystical poems. I have the mystical spirit in me. But I don't want to get it wrong first, not more than metaphysics because it would be too easy. I will say first an application of work of an athlete if you want. In any case, an athlete has a task which requires a constant effort but with the pleasure that it gives. I have a voluptuous pleasure tactile sensual sensorial even to do my work like a fighter I know very well the fighter Gerber that I admire like someone who paints like someone who sculpts and who constantly collates with the material. Does creation feed the creation that is to say that through what you speak in any case about your writing, we feel this daily need. Is it a need that is there all the time, every day of your whole life, understood in a holiday or is there a need for a moment of rest or are we evacuated, is it a need to write? No, there is no rest because it is a necessity that it brings life. It is life there is no holiday in writing it is like there is no holiday for the months in prayer for example. We do not put ourselves on a holiday or in a congee or in a retreat of prayer, is not it? Saint Origen said, you have to pray without ceaselessness. I would say that writing is very similar to monastic activity in the measure where it is a constant mental activity and I would say even in the sleep since you have to learn to pray in sleep to fight against the blows of the devil the father of the church, is not it? Well, I think that if we arrive at this wisdom we can also reach it in the creative order to know that even in sleep or in the most humble works of existence or in love or listening to music or working to prepare courses for these students or reading written works what are your writings? There is always the creative act and the creative possession that is present Each chair has a question about this need to write you have mentioned three things that do not seem important and it is a paradox the fact that you do not have to communicate at all because at the bottom there is this side write and then there is the published side you have a lot published several dozens of works this side of communication has an importance is it going to motivate is it going to enter the creation? Certainly, if I did not mention it until now it is because I thought that you were calling rather the condition of the writer in his day or at his table of work it is clear that a book becomes really a book when it is read or when it is intended to be read I put a lot of books that remain as works apparently locked at the bottom of a cage or in a drawer I think that communication is necessary and I can make you a wish when I start writing a book I see that it is a poem or something else, we just said I already see its typographic disposition on the page so it is clear when I write sometimes on the machine but most often on my book I am already communicating it since I see it typographed so this exchange is necessary I do not believe that it is created or sacralized by too much this kind of enterprise of new mystics of communication I believe that in a world where everything is invested in order to dominate in some ways by the media we must have in the eyes of the mediaization of works a very large demand of surveillance so we do not have to publish anything we do not have to think that everything we write must be immediately translated into typographic language but I cannot prevent myself when I write it to see it already on a screen which is the page very exactly the ancestral page the medieval page because I need Gutenberg if you want and free format of the end of the Middle Ages to be able to translate me to the world I am the projection of myself as a kind of free in any modest and funny again I insist but I am made for that there are people who are made to sing songs there are people who could have been a great concertist there was Malarmé in Gainsbourg there was Verlaine in Gainsbourg Schubert in Gainsbourg there was Maes de Visse in Armstrong there was the Blues in Fandango but he chose the song and then he was a kind of a kind of singing and which song is admirable I do it in a modest way again for the books I go like that but I want to be a surveilled book not anything and that we always feel a great demand you are talking about the book one last aspect is the book between objects does it represent an importance the book ends by reading but your work, you are talking about typography we may feel a relationship it would only be with the ink the plan maybe a great importance it is important to be great as I like the objects and above all I like the books the papers the ink the typography the writing the printing all the phenomena are familiar to me and necessary to me I have a tactile need I often say that I will not repeat the book object for me it is a huge importance and I would not like to trust books to editors who are not doing to editors who are doing bad their work I need editors who attach to the book an importance both practical and noble I suggest you a musical interval Regini The book is a great importance to me and I would like to share it with you and to be able to write it and to be able to write it and to be able to write it and to be able to write it I have a lot of books that are winter then I will have an experience to read directly and I will read and to read and to read and to read and to read I will write and to read and to read and to read my name is chiroa Lesgrouss we find ourselves in the industry making money I am having my rice hay hay hay hay hay for a Mulah for a Quignon I cry for love for a few steps I repel the salt for a canon I sacred you Claudeau you say hello I have nothing to do you forget me I answer enough I forget I answer sit down you want to talk so you kill my brother you want to drink so you kill the king the king and friends of all races the avatars of the one to two the princes of the populace the fruco-ro of Brevoie and each one has its own to its kind of victims like songs of favelas if we say for our wine that it is because of a woman that the peasant is in a wine ah for a step I tell you Verlaine for a Quignon I cry for love for a few steps I repel the salt for a few steps I cry for Claudeau you say hello I have nothing to do you forget me I answer enough sit down you want to talk so you kill my brother you want to drink so you kill the king the wine and you want to talk so 2.8 in Sidule, the region's radio today in this phase B each one, sorry Jack, Chessie we will arrive I would like to talk about lausanne in the background you chose to live to Lozane, to teach lausanne and it is only possible through your writings what do you feel for lausanne for this city built on the Mamelons of a woman as would say Luc Dumas what do you feel in these ruins? I have never seen women who are too healthy because I do not know if Luc Dumas has seen recently but it seems a little mythical so we can say it this says I am not lausanne black I have been I work at lausanne I like to come to lausanne for my work I am also in the city where I have been my father was director of the scientific collection at the Mercerie where I teach I did very brief appearances at the gymnasium when I was a teenager I did not stay at the gymnasium, I did not want to keep it but I was 16 it did not work at all for a thousand reasons when I was called another time I went back to the next one and I have been here for 22 years so you see that I know the city well I like the cathedral I like the cafes of the city I love this neighborhood I like Uchi too I like Uchi, I like the Denontou of Jacques Mercantons I like Uchi as such I like the bistro of Uchi I like this farnyente I like Europe in Uchi and I like the Middle Ages and the Catholic and Roman country at the cathedral it has a good tradition but I'm not a Los Angeles I do not feel completely of this city as it came I find a city difficult to live from the point of view of this topography I am not so in agreement with the measurements that have been done I find that in Los Angeles the climate is aggressive I find that there is a kind of hate a stress as they say today sometimes a hardness a render who is not good at war we are not well served in the coffee it's very rare at least that we are well served there is something that is wrong and then there is a camp which is a none other than we will say that as I denounce it I belong or even I work it will be both true and false like everything that has the legend I mean that Los Angeles no other city than Cannes because Los Angeles has obscure conscience of not being at the size that it imagines to have Los Angeles is a false capital see I told you about Bern last week I made a conference we feel in Bern an international dimension we feel in Zurich we feel in Fribourg a spiritual dimension European Fribourg is a city which was a German city if you want an umbrella of intelligence both Latin by the Catholicity of course but also Germanic by its situation by its language by its cathedral by its art Fribourg, rhythm the exchanges the words are both elegant and serene even in the tragedy even at the moment of the death of Jean-Tain Gly or the Christmas Curée which was this kind of Avey Pierre if you want of the Lausges neighborhood a noble man that I well known as I well known to Tain Gly I would say Fribourg Lausanne I hardly feel this I feel it in some neighborhoods the Palais the city and sometimes sous-gare  with its side a little bit Italian with its side Napolitan I like some streets or avenues I like the neighborhood of the avenue of the Alps for example my mother lives in the avenue of the Alps she has a very beautiful view she lives in an old particular hotel and when I go to my mother what I like to do there is a welcome that has kept this side of the patrician that I like a lot but as soon as we get back on the center I'm not very amused because there is this aggressiveness this hardness that I was telling you earlier and then a muskinry in the cancans I'm getting angry they are going to us you were talking about the city neighborhood which is very expensive what interests you in the past of the Alps the past of the Levesche and the Alps in general yes, by the strength of things because I have always been by my family by my grandfather by my father, concerned with the past I like the past in the language I already have a deep conscience that's why I'm quite envious of these reforms at the core of an orthographic that you would want to reform by decrees not to be democratic but to be fascist and autocratic in the worst sense of the word in the caricature I think we don't discuss the authenticity of the age the age of a language the history of the Sao Phonetic the history of a city the history of a neighborhood the history of a facade the history of a building are for me quite considerable it's like the history of the beings we have archaeological layers glaciers diverse evolutions which are essential moments of our life of our existential data and so I believe that yes, I'm sensitive to history and precisely what shocks me in the approach of the new between Guimet and a certain Lausanne is that we have denied this historical truth is that we have denied the the happy nature both organic and organic we wanted to make it remodeled by practicing a kind of aesthetic surgery which was completely aberrant when I was a child we came from Pajern in Lausanne I knew a place of the Ripon which was idyllic I knew a place of the wonderful tunnel 25 years ago the tunnel was still habitable we sat on the terrace of Lausanne Moudon at La Poticaire with my friends and many others who were not at all belletrian and it was the party because we were in a little in a little natural reserve of elegance, of sweetness a kind of place of evoge mutantism, mutantism the place Saint-François was both happy, peaceful circling we found ourselves in the student's hall there were people from the school of commerce there were all the colors of corporations or students of the university there were forbidden zones there was an interesting prostitution in the low streets now what is prostitution? I regret the time when the girls were at the Louvre at the Palais or even at the central street I regret that the street of the rotillon a kind of murderous, scandalous basse-boucherie it was profitable it's cut in the city what is it today that is under the palm of the hand it's proper to welcome some kind of small part of human life a kind of suicide stectar it was profitable it's sinister I knew a city that was a human city where there were terraces and where there was no a mistreatment of the police presence I regret this time I'm not nostalgic I'm not crying a kind of violent prehistoric not at all but I think that unfortunately we were taken a city which was a living city I think it was a year very special this year it's the 7th anniversary of the confederation you have a command a book it's the proposal it's a poem I would suggest to read to us an excerpt it's worth to be read and to be heard and then we will talk about it so first I would say that we didn't make a command but Pierre Kéler delegated the state council to the 7th anniversary I repeat his name because this man is often contested Pierre Kéler artist, photographer prodigy, organizer of both historical artistic and social media and modern Pierre Kéler delegated me a command like other times the messains the protectors the artists commanded a work he left me completely free he wanted a book so I told him a poetry book he was enchanté but of course it's not a command of the confederation it's at the occasion of the 7th anniversary in Le canton de Vaux a command of the state council which is himself an artist an important fact I admit that if I had received a command like that of the confederation I wouldn't have known what I was going to do why I was doing it and in what spirit I was going to work but the fact that it was the trust of someone who was your right inside a system I knew totally disinterested of all patriotism of all obligations of all servility of the chamber valley in the right place for that it's very freely that I accepted so you see that I'm happy to say it and I think we can say it because it's not so common that the medici or others face today of the command of the modest artist that we are and you want me to read you a poem Well in this poetry book I wanted among others to celebrate the feminine blazing I wanted to say the curiosity the enigma the mystery both aesthetic plastic, solar the number of places of the woman the mouth the eyes, the breasts, the hair the belly here is the belly I salute you you client of the day I praise you to be this shiny shell this inflamed statue the sun lit the point the fine shadow on the canvas the ant can open the splendor who sees the end at the wall the bubbles of the belly there and the sugar the honey of this shadow the finger of the other can press to figure out the little death but a great death obviously which is haughtily in the oh fatal king of the black fruit the double fruit the dark fond never opposes their ravishing the threat of the shadows you know that the blazing is a tradition that goes back to the Renaissance even at the end of the Middle Ages for some of them the poets of the end of the Middle Ages already in France in Italy wrote blazing, that is to say small poems really dedicated to different parts of the body so I wanted to renew to the modern with this tradition and some of these blazes were very tasty that is to say by my readers and sometimes judged audaciously to see scandalous I found it also very interesting to celebrate the woman in a country where in literary tradition at least it is relatively little but in this physical and erotic aspect I think you would seek in vain blazes in the work of C.F.Ramu for example or by Gustave Roux or elsewhere I do not blame them of course but there is no blazing in the poetic literature of this country I think to be a pioneer while renewing with a very great curteous and erotic tradition I was at the ambition to find myself once written in the back of the book of family not at all, you know I forced too often to be called in a book of family it would be very, very a scandal or a little phrase I say you do not like it C.F.Ramu yes, well then he remains I like books of family but for me I forced four or five times you know, I see you very, very badly playing the marriage surrealist who might want his goal d medal Jacques Chassé you speak at the beginning of the mission of the importance of the narration of your work and when you enter in this book which is I would say quite difficult to access you really have to make reading acts really to read it well we see a certain narration I think you define what can be a paradox when we make poetry but there is a narrative I think you talked about it I wanted in effect that this book is not a collection as we often say a collection of poems you know because it's a bit of a drawer, the collections we have the impression that we were scratched a little in the corners of his favorite piece and then that to finish we have a little piece of paper that we have to print and then publish. So I wanted on the contrary to make a coherent book that really presents itself as a tragedy it is made this work of five altos which progress in effect of the palimpsest of the beginning until the end where we see a meditation on Saint Augusta we go through a meditation on painting we go through the blazes of the female body which I talked about earlier we go through a certain number of elegies which remind us of the past and the regret of the past time but we move towards a reflection that I believe is very strong the one who imposed us by reading the confessions of Augusta. I have always been a reader of mystics I have always read at the same time that I read materialists Francis Pong for example or Paul Eluard besides I do not believe that it is antinomy I think we can be mystic by writing a neutral or the saint of a young woman but I have always been very fascinated by mystics and by Saint Augusta in particular because Saint Augusta is both a mystic and a philosopher of the total reason he reads the spirit of philosophy and the spirit of enthusiasm and he tells us about this pay close attention you, blind people of the world what you see is not the real body it is not the real face it is not the real language that you hear it is not the real music that you hear do you believe the blind people and also the deaf people that we are all that you are in the real but no, it is only an image of the real that is infinitely and of course the rear there is the image with I this image that is God himself and I wanted to accomplish a kind of pilgrimage of the simplest things I was very impressed as the paleopsists to try to see the real nature of writing to discover finally until the real image in the term of a peril that I want very demanding and which I told you goes through the objects, the body the painting to arrive at the image of the absolute that you talk about this absolute at the very very time of this work the death is very present is that here more than the other works is it just a way to go to God because you have talked about it now listen, yes if death is present in all my works it is therefore present in this book but it is present in front of life it is present in front of what I would call the power to be of the abrupt of death and the abrupt of the vertical being that we are still and if there is an image to discover on the traces of Saint Augustin it is also that we have to discover it alive it is not in the future that we have to discover it it is alive, it is in the existence that we have to act of knowledge so life takes a very important part I have to say that the only thing that is the only look at this work is that this poetry work that you presented, I think it is out in the books of the Lozano and the Région Vauda I think it is very widespread in France, in France we can find it in Paris in all the books of poetry in Paris where it is broadcasted by Nistique we find it in Laune we find it in the Divin we find it everywhere in a new library of Lozano I will not say the name in their head but it is the library of the Homme under the archives of Pépiné which is very active in the field of poetry and criticism which is mainly interesting to me what do you do this time? I say 19, which comes at 17 so it is re-enacted with our ideas I like to sign the books I have never been an author of these false people who hide themselves and give me nothing I think on the contrary that the contact of authors with a public with people who come to sign, as they say a book is very important I need it and I am very happy that my friends from the age of men make this signature 19 to 1 hour Each chapter where we can see the number of works written the variety between the story the novel and many others you could tell us what do you like about the music the song of our time maybe one day you will write the song maybe but I think I need a talent that I do not or maybe not yet be careful as I have refused to the theater I have all approached except the theater and the song there are songs in my books there are many people who sing in my books and who are there like satirical or sarcastic poems we sing in my books and we also do theater in my books a friend told me the other day but in fact the theater is in your books you say you do not write for the theater but in fact we feel in certain articles the same as you do in a certain chronicle of a certain pamphlet a dramatic taste that is theatrical yes but I have not yet written and then especially we have in the 20th century in this part of the 20th century of such a song composer that it would be very big to try at least to arrive at their life and I think in particular to Islain and to Gaspour I deeply admire the year the other Jacques Chassé I thank you for coming to go through this phase B today on Monday with us I hope we will meet again dear listeners we meet again in a few moments with the face on the screen it was Bertrand and Cuyen in Technique and in the microphone we will meet next Monday for a phase B I think musical this time for the parties see you and good year and and and and