 One, two, three, four. Last night I took a walk in the dark, The two of us got by the same spot, I walked around and she would like to see, She tried to guess the eyes of the ride on the lifty, The girl in the shop was always on board, She got the insurance for the hands with me, Flaws flying up like a rocket ship, Down like a rolling boat, Fires like a lifty, we're staying away, Like a memory, we're being in a hot dog's bed, They tried to rock and burn, At the end they gave her good love, And it turned her love, The long, thickest skinned fields, She stopped by the shop for the ferris wheel, I'm feeling blue, the last palaces park. Last night I took a walk in the dark, The two of us got by the same spot, I walked around and she would like to see, She tried to guess the eyes of the ride on the lifty, The girl in the shop was always on board, She got the insurance for the hands with me, Flaws flying up like a rocket ship, Down like a rolling boat, Fires like a lifty, we're staying away, Like a memory, we're being in a hot dog's bed, They tried to rock and burn, At the end they gave her good love, And it turned her love, The long, thickest skinned fields, She stopped by the shop for the ferris wheel, I'm feeling blue, the last palaces park. One, two, three, four, This is the German ride back on the bike, The shadows of night, Once again, it was your superb Ramones, Abdoma DR, which was in the distance, Not the last park, The last disc on the local life. So tonight, the shadows of night, With my legendary mood, My sense of departure and my ethical integrity, In all its splendor, I'm talking to you to tell you that I'm alone, But reassure you, reassure you, First things first, for those who have listened to the show, Last week, it was an excellent show, Until the end, I have announced that tonight, The Mordor, the group of Technodeth metal, Of Renan, the only group that can do 20 minutes, 30 minutes, Even 40 minutes, Without this, and saying two words, On a tempo that is longer, Understandable by really long, Well, these people are, Should be here, they are here, I saw them before, Except that they have not yet managed to get to the studio, They have to leave the time, As they look more like huge larvae, Rampant on the ground, Than human beings of this name, They have to leave them a little bit of time. So, we will listen to a little disc right away, From Pultula, the Brazilian band, A well-known track of metal, Sorry, I have a little pronunciation problem, Excuse me, fatigue, To get into the mood. So, I warned you directly that It is likely that it will be a little bit heavy tonight, But still, hang on, it will be worth it, We will also pass some new ideas, Tanguy will arrive, Christophe will be there, So there will still be a lot of joy and good humor, Despite a more dark atmosphere than usual. Pultula, we will listen to a song, Which in any case is very beautiful and very melodious. Disgusting Religious domain, It's all I see. Suffocate, disgust, Yucklity. Lying and changing your fate. Anodominance, Misery. All your heart, That is ever so healthy. Disgusting. Suffocate, disgust, Yucklity. Holy was a leeching bloody rage. Stake the eye with dark face. Garned soup by murderous sinners. Factory leader. Insane. Insane. Insane. Insane. Insane. Living in a dying age. Protecting human race. Spice of death in the wasteland. Blood signs your avatar. Religious domain, It's all I see. Suffocate, disgust, Yucklity. Lying and changing your fate. Anodominance, Misery. Anodominance, Misery. Anodominance, Lying and changing your fate. Sacrificing human race. Anodominance, Misery. Anodominance, Anodominance, Anodominance, Misery. Anodominance, Misery. Anodominance, Misery. Anodominance, Sinnerity. Disgraceful. Sinnerity. Disgraceful. Sinnerity. Disgraceful. Disgraceful. I would like to propose to the Mordor who will come to my left to come tonight. As I take the role of Duelpair in this show, as usual and as always, I will be sitting on my left. Place of choice, I will make you notice. Very good. Very good. You have already heard, he has a very particular voice. So the Mordor, we will be with you tonight, you will be with us or vice versa. I have a first question to ask you. This first question is about us. Are you really human beings? I did not want to explain before, we did not have time to talk about the show together. We ask about spontaneity, is not it Christophe? Yes, spontaneously. When I ask a question, Exactly, do not hesitate, do not hesitate, the other answer is yes, but be spontaneous, so spontaneously, are you human beings? Unfortunately, yes, but it is a detail that is erased. In detail, erased, very good. Good, so ... We will erase. We will erase, very good. So, in order to launch a little bit the mechanics, we will listen to one of your musical choices. What did you choose? San Vittus. San Vittus, yes. That is to say, a good group of dooms, very light. Very light, quite effective. Many other trains. And to play to live. In particular, the first part of Henry Rolines to Bern, there are, I do not know, very many times. It's a well-known group. Yes, it's old laviers. They have been playing since the early 17th century, a hardwreck that evolved into spheres more and more close to that of Mordor. Exactly. So, the ... No, no, no, no, no, no. So the song is called ... Petra Petra. Petra Petra, what does it mean, stone in Greek? That's it, Petra, that's it, yes, it's the stone in Greek. Yes. Okay, so we're going to listen to a very basic song from San Vittus. Petra, let's go. Petra. Petra. Petra. Petra. In my nightmares Close my eyes I can see you Always In the daylight I am haunting Only to lose Your last racing Always Always Always Always I still feel your breath is always And I'm falling over the line But I'm afraid As I wonder What it would be like If you were mine What do you choose? Score Score SKOR No, SCORH Score, record, score, label, distribution Family name Anirot And you? I am Dame Gomorrie Like the Gomorrie, right? Tell me what she didn't think What does it mean? Far away, it's like a hidden book And what are these entities in question? That you represent in your new land incarnation? Yes, genes well done Well done You are really poor And satanic You dare to say that I like irony Maybe we are in a situation right now We can laugh about everything, especially about his own death I ate some lye before coming I got help from them You said something about the lye I would keep it We will talk about it later We feel negative What do you do in your group? I would say I mostly do vocals If we can call it vocals Maybe Chris would be more appropriate I like the term of the group It's good, indeed And the guitar And the other one, the song of the week I do the bass And the voice And the production And I am critical about the music You understand that, right? That he brings the dead and the other one says It's a bit of a style You have to ramble a little bit Because it's too violent I often get a little bit of a cold Or slow down a little bit Or slow down a little Or slow down a little Because it's too long but not enough Anyway, about your style of music We will listen to some fragments of the song Because we have to make sure that the dead are asleep We have this particularity to make songs that are made in the middle of the night About 20 minutes So, be sure to listen to some extracts Choose by them By Blasphemy Derasy The extracts that will allow us to make a new idea About the genre Which genre? Let's say that there was a fault in the appellation We called it Dark or Gloom Gloom Metal Yeah, or Industrial It's a bit like that Industrial, Metal, Gothic Even the classical contemporary music All that, it's a bit... John Cage, huh? John Cage We will listen to a musical song It's the Skin Chambers That's it The last thing that is out That is a fusion between a police van A great era And then the Death Metal The modern one The type that we will listen to If I remember correctly It's Trapped in Skin Or Scratch We will talk about it after the song Sorry, I told you that I will remember But Neuron, it doesn't work very well today The Skin Chambers are out of scope The Skin Chambers In the blood of night In the blood of day Pressure points in face The English God you find You will pay the price You will pay the price You will pay the price You will pay the price You will pay the price If I am free I will die in this fucking mission for you Suffer Suffer in the pain of the forever Pain Such a Such a pain of the forever Time Forever The suffering is right First you spit for me But my hands will cut The exmort and press For many months You will pay the price You will pay the price You will pay the price You will pay the price The skin chamber Carved in skin The joy of our happy Leuron The murders that come to us You come from Renon City I learned Renon City A place that is more and more fertile About the groups of all mixed and confused Do you know the unique essence? No, thanks to you Thanks to me I am disappointed I think it was at least friends You have the same friends What happened is more of an extravert I am announcing the Tungi Who will have to listen to a radio What are we doing? I'm sorry I'm announcing it on the horizon Good announcement on the horizon We arrived at the crucial moment of this mission Since we will finally be able to be submitted How would you call the fact To listen to the first time of the murder? It's a feeling that must be Unimitable Unimitable Unimitable It's true that for the first time I listened to the murder despite the warnings I had You were asleep Not at all, but I admit I was surprised That's certain I was not really saying It's interesting Interesting Anyway We will choose an extract The name of the song The name It comes from Tolkien The Lord of the Rings The country of the darkness The name of the world I was thinking about this name I don't remember anything I read Tolkien I had 9 years and a half I can't remember We will listen to the title of this song It's pretty short Black Losses The name of the song It comes from the second cassette It's a compilation Of the different things we did I see that it's dedicated to T...T...N...E... Blah I'm just not pronouncing At least There is no Excuse me, it's written in languages It's not spoken in languages It's dead languages Not alive Who is this tenet? It's a mystery It's your guardian angel Maybe A angel? It's not Maybe A angel of the fall We will listen to Mordor It comes from Mordor The country of the cold steppe And the necroman We will listen to Black Roses from the Dairn of Chaos See you Please, don't forget to like this video Also please, subscribe to the channel Also please This has been Mordor We will listen to Mordor The country of the cold steppe And the necroman We will listen to Black Roses from the Dairn of Chaos See you Please Don't forget to like this video Let's listen to the title of the song It comes from the third cassette It's dedicated to Mordor This is the first record of the song The song is dedicated to The Dairn of Chaos It comes from the third cassette It's dedicated to Black Roses from the Dairn of Chaos See you Please Don't forget to like this video Also please And subscribe to the channel Also please Don't forget to like this video Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Turn on Black Rose is from the Hours of Chaos Apparently it was a love scene during a previous incarnation Maybe Maybe you didn't even know The Saviour You also know Ah, you didn't want to speak You didn't want to speak Exactly Excuse me It seems that people don't really talk about deodorant Especially about sorcery Do you mean reverse? No, no, no, not at all Deodorant Yes, but not sorcery Yes No, no, no, no, not at all I heard the name of Crowley Yes, well honestly it's not one of the most interesting characters But it may deserve a little attention Especially Alastair Crowley says He nicknamed the beast He was one of the founders in England at the beginning of this century Of the Rosicrucian and Esoteric lodge The goal den Down well known For its diverse activities And especially for its re-adjustment of the ancient pagan cults Pre-Christian and Celtic It seems to me from England You must have a lot of luck Because Philippe is a specialist S, black magic and others He does a test of the Stuxetian If you have questions to ask him Dear audience or even orator But it's true that there are questions They have the same knowledge Not bad But What he says is not bullshit It's the first time that Philippe says bullshit We never finished learning anyway So Master Testa will give you lessons Even with him tonight We will be able to learn a lot of things And me too to learn others That's for sure I learned a few things Finally When we listen to the music people you make I come to the mind of a question The most fundamental Not why do you make music We may be able to come back later But what effect do you want to produce On the people who listen to you It seems quite fundamental Because when we hear this song That we know that the song Keeps going for 10 minutes and a quarter We say that it's either The saddest, the most total To the people who listen to you Or worse The whole masochism Compared to you Totally There is a total masochism Tonton, Saint-Domingue When the dead are Tonton, Saint-Domingue Explain a little bit The effect you want to produce on people The goal in some simple ways Is to make people dream They laugh I'd better tell you That when You called me Score, yes, we score, laugh It makes him a kind of A kind of grimace That completely defends him The faciess I mean already that At the stage of repose He has a face That has the biggest thing of manhood I mean, without wanting to be bad I just say it for the listeners Who don't see you The dead The dead It's not that they are That they are lazy But they really They really don't Really have human traits My opinion is that There are a kind of A kind of mix Of freaks of nature And then of elephant men Rather than people Really Really human So when we score And laugh We reach the apocalypse Of physical degeneracy Decadence Ok, very good So if you are imposed What effect do you have On people who are doing it Are you good? St. Smoo The entrances of depression abysses Entering them into Interesting depression abysses You talk to me a little bit About your goal in concert Especially if you do concerts Well, for the moment We absolutely don't do concerts Ok You never did No, not with Mordor in any case But do you want to do it or not? Yeah, I think So probably We still want two years Or a year or so But it's clear that we would like to propose A kind of show That will pair with music Ok As we could have seen Two shows with the skinny puppies In particular Which kind of show Like you have these kind of goards With the kind of grand theater No, no It's not that I would say a little medieval But dark Dark medieval And above all The sound will be real And not chic I think Maybe It depends on the mood Right away No, not at all Because I've said Several times To see the same things On stage But we don't like to be too chic Ok Very good Well, listen I think we'll listen to some music To get back to the background I've been a newbie While we were there Ah, well A lighter thing But without being For as much soup Anyway It's the last Mad Monster Party A French group Excellent Because we had the judges Two times straight on stage And they are really They are quite wonderful It's a group of Black and Black The label The label of the Tugs And it's their second album Which is called Philippe, tell me the title Because you have the fork in your eyes Wandering That's it But wandering or wandering They take back the idea of the Tugs Because they put the A In a much lighter letter That means we don't know If it's wandering with an O Wandering with an A It's actually the two of them Exactly And the album is quite good Now we're going to listen to a song I chose the title For our guests It's a song called Sacrifice I thought it was It's pretty It's a very good song And it's one of the best songs And it's really a group Very promising In my opinion A very best French hardcore group Even if they are the best Tugs Because we almost had no judges At least more varied More varied It's less original It's more influenced by American pop and company Or the dark But it's really good on stage And the album is not bad at all So we're going to listen Sacrifice Sacrifice By the Mad Monster Party From Angoulay Let's go boy Just say it And dance It's a big rock It's a big rock Drums And every night I miss you I'm sorry Please Stand away We're rising And I'm And we're going to dance Rise up And I'm going to dance And it's really nice Sacrifice You're near time I'll take you high I'll show you how Just be the one You're high There's a man everywhere I miss you I'm sorry It's a big rock Drums And I'm And we're going to dance Rise up And I'm going to dance I'm showing my eyes Sacrifice You're near time And I'm going to dance Sacrifice You're really nice That's right we were taken because of a song that was really cool I forgot to tell you It was Sacrifice by the Mad Monster Party So a group in Angoulay A country where nothing matters except rock So it allows me to make the transition About a country where nothing matters except rock Let me talk to you about a group that comes from Ouvrona Ouvrona, the land of the Zad That I know We spend every two weeks The only group in Ouvrona but we're playing Exactly, but we're going to play Because it's just that they play Next week at the Z League On November 20 The second half of the group was played this Saturday At the Republic, the processions We're going to... Did anyone watch it? No, I didn't I can do a parenthesis You can, of course I just want to say hi Like that in the past A group called Samahel We have a common contact And he always said hi Hi, hi, hi I'm sure they don't hear me But it's hi for the principle Very nice Thanks for Samahel Where do you come from? Valet, from Sion At the end of the cavern Yes, it's Sion Yes, it's Sion Okay, we're urban We're going to listen to the Rurus The Rurus of Campagne We're going to play a song Because the influences seem to be Approach At least for some of the votes I'm going to dedicate this song I think you'll appreciate it Since the IMC, which are the 20 At the Elis We're doing the announcements Because there are a lot of announcements These days So there's the evening at the Elis With the Peaceful After and the radiators Exactly A note that on Friday On Friday, the 20 So there's the NTM With the SONS UNICA In full action That is the unique essence From Run in City And then The day after There's the No the Amis The White Lifts Which will be held at The Saint-Denis And I'm going to talk about it At night traffic At night traffic, very fair And you have to go there After night traffic You have to go to the Dutch Evita Because there's a special evening In the 60s But really good this time I hope Sometimes as usual Sometimes as usual With real light of the time Decoration Two parallel discos It's going to be a Sarl disc A more rock disc And then And then That's all we have to present And then Maybe we have some invitations For the league Two invitations And then Two invitations for the 60s We're not like that And then if you want to ask Some questions We remind you Two hundred and five hundred If you have something to tell them In particular Or by our intermission There's no problem So We're not going to listen to A song of the SONS UNICA Always hitting the door Since it's not really a case But we're going to listen to A song like I announced it IEMC So dedicated to you The Mordor The song is called Necronomicon I hope you'll like it IEMC And so much more In those walls of force How much you've sent us On a line of law Together we'll play All of my soul So the bonus calls And no chance to return This way we'll never Spare my soul to the brunt This song so much That's not the shame We're sure to turn it On the end of our fate But the reward Is the only one It's the first blow Down for anyone We'll let this brilliant Goers call our minds In the last of our lives Seems to be white Change our colors To start the ways from our brain Down for all of your wants And the mental heart pain But I'm sure it's In our fate I hope that you'll know It's allowed to live my fate So believe in my dream And make a profit And let your dreams And the minds of the world Until you're not They fear death And you're not Ever getting on the earth As a bone from the pit To the streets of the world I know it's coming But it does matter to us But you don't matter to us We still are Yeah Good evening The beach, the sun, the gonzesses It's totally, totally, totally In our crene Well, you seemed to like it It wasn't bad The texts are quite... We're talking about some parts There are some parts There's no doubt about it Note in case you want to You haven't understood That it's the Mordor Or the EMC The Major influence I think I can tell you The Major influence It's still a gentleman Who lived in Providence In the 1930s Who died young at 37 Who was... You know the old man No, no, no Not the old man I know he only ate ice cream And ice cream I know all the details He was married He wasn't cold Exactly, he was married Two years in New York Exactly His wife didn't support him She broke up A man who was too much Who lived there at night And who wrote What we can call A new Bible If it's not a Bible A new cosmogony This gentleman was called Howard Philip Lovecraft For those who don't know I suggest you Open one of Lovecraft's books Any book, it's equal And you can start From 10 o'clock in the evening Until then As usual It's 6 or 7 in the morning The next day We're still in Mordor Yes, totally We can still push the screw Until then So We have some literature We'll come back to music What do we listen to now? A little Paradise Lost What is Paradise Lost? It's Death Doom Death Doom Death It's even worse than Death Metal Doom Death is really the end of the chaos The beginning of Armageddon Doom Death Metal You can call it What's it called? The group is Paradise Lost Paradise Lost The title is Rotten Mystery Rotten Mystery Oh Jesus Kines of great At least I'm falling back The employs and grieves An empty craft Of friends to warm up the stage Their voices are so loud And empty craft Of friends to warm up the stage The famous boys For a shallow mind Modern life Disrupting over Kines Disrupting Kines Mystery Kines Kines Kines Kines Favors are all covered No blessing for The brave Rotten Mystery Oh Oh Growing reality Rot before us The pointless life Is all the great Is lost for existence Of these poor souls No one's time To exist no more Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Favors are all covered No blessing for The brave Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh That's a juvenile preoccupation Oh Oh Oh Oh Standing by holes Lying down a block I'm here in the air and in A small cabin sink On the ones available Correct the monuments Head is dead, I guess What's the cost of hell? Oh Bad news, oh hell Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No Oh Oh Oh Oh Woman of eternal beauty Woman of darkness, sire In a sin and a ring No, thou hast done the time which was To teach the chaste is wrong The mind of the soul has to find its own The mind of the soul has to find its own The beauty makes you to be fleshed And with the poor the night In a sin and a ring The mind will turn you into eternal light Woman of dark, this sire Woman of eternal beauty Woman of dark, this sire In a sin and a ring Woman of dark, this sire In a sin and a ring Woman of dark, this sire In a sin and a ring Woman of dark, this sire In a sin and a ring Woman of dark, this sire In a sin and a ring Woman of dark, this sire In a sin and a ring Lyrics genug Now during you girls you're loving You don't come to light and Polish your for persons conversing Now you understand you don't understand That'sacz will conquer your life in eternity Call abortion to your secret When there's nothing you regret And with space and a smile I'll have faith to succeed Woman must die in desires Woman under the guillotine Woman must die in desires Woman must never raise Woman must die in desires Woman must die in guillotine Woman must die in desires Woman must never raise Woman must die in desires Now we have the first or the last song The voice is more normal It's a bit grill It's a bit grill but it's not like At the beginning the Death Metal didn't exist It was still Black Metal It was Venom, Celtic Frost It was really old The Death didn't exist It's still Latin It's a bit grill but it's not like it's the first album A few months after Yeah, I mean it was really Death But it's called Black And everyone was crying We had a chronicle at the time That wasn't sad about this group But it's true that Irini... There was nothing We had no indication It was a big question What was the thing that made it happen? What was the thing that made it happen? It was someone called Quarton Quarton? Quarton, yeah We had two photos But the first photos were not real I remember it was a big dilemma Because on each photo he had a different head On a photo, if you want, it was a hand And the photo was a black moustache beard And black hair while he was blond It was a big dilemma to know which one was the real one Last time they released two or three photos That looked like him So apparently it was him But he doesn't have a concert Which is a shame It could be interesting Very good, very good What do you think? Tell me, tell me, I don't know I don't know I like Favela Disciples My phone to know what they think I would like to know I would like to hear it We are listening to something What are we listening to? Nothing You have something to say? David Jones Lacker David Jones Lacker We are listening to... It's two newbies David Jones Lacker, it's not really a newbie It's Baby Jail A group called Zurich Who is taking the SIDC It's pretty bad There is a song called Bitch Boys It could be in the atmosphere It's a pretty long song We can't do that We can learn from our friends Jellyfish Kiss Who released a new single It's nothing to do with music Or with the music we have now What do you want? It's Bitch Boys and we can't do it So it's Baby Jail It's a live group called Live Souvenirs Without overdubs, without mic and without electricity It's the ones who say it but it's not true It just came out on code The label, the Swiss We are listening to that It's cute It's not fabulous But we have to go through it Baby Jail a bit of a beach There were just two kids Flying in the wind Then we grabbed the boat And started out down down We went to the beach To cut their all their long But you waited for You were given very strong She is the reason The whole picture is a lie around You killed by the sun Going out down down Down down down We went to the beach To cut their all their long Searching pretty boys Good looking and very strong Come on take your time But we're going to leave the beach No one's with us We're leaving out down down We went to the beach To cut their all their long Searching pretty boys Good looking and very strong We went to the beach To cut their all their long Searching pretty boys Good looking and very conditions Is strong We listen to the GFFisks or what? We listen to the GFFisks We present them more We go to the Zalik Everyone knows them With the accordion, the violent style Too stupid for business And too ugly for love It's the title of this 45th round We listen to them I don't know which one Too stupid for business or too ugly for love Let's go to the jellyfish I'm the Rick O.C. Down in Bar-Felon We went to Staco Angels Cry from above He was too stupid For business Too ugly For love He fell in love at 26 With her neighbor's daughter When she found it out Then she caught her wrist And jumped into the woods In town they called him Frankenstein So he left for California There he opened up Hey, little beauty shop I know crying Ever came And the angels cried From above He was too stupid For business too ugly for love He went to Hollywood To act in dirty We used to wear frightened Sensors and carpal The scenes were forever Of the shoddy space And the angels cried From above He was too stupid For business too ugly for love Too stupid for business too ugly for love So he finally Killed himself Looking In a mirror As no one played The rotten corpse They bat Him At sea Robeco bullets Round the world God was a story in Spain No hungry shop had Never been me Was they lobby just the same? And the angels cried From above He was too stupid For business too ugly for love Too stupid for business too ugly for love Too stupid for business too ugly for love It was our friends, the Jerefischkis of Zurich In their famous tube Too stupid for business too ugly for love Good title, nothing to see That the music we will have tonight Was the Zurich's quarter And the joyous quarter of the atmosphere Fun fun fun The depression quarter It's more appropriate And we will continue the depression Because Radio acidule being a very commercial radio We will make some pub Ah, tap tap tap tap tap Come on Phil, Kristoff You collect the pins Oh yes, oh yes You are fascinated by the pins Completely Oh my God He's trying to make you fall Open your tele-top in the morning The page 69 You have all your tele-top in front of your eyes He opened the page 69 And hurry to fill the good order The 7 are first to see Will receive free words The pins of the 7th anniversary Yeah Ah, tap tap tap tap It was the end of the pub page We are talking about the 7th anniversary I found it pretty revolutionary Personally I personally would like to see That we are doing Not the 7th anniversary But the next 701 anniversary of the Swiss anniversary Is it interesting? No, because the 700th anniversary It's a bit too classic The 701 anniversary It would be more marginal The 666th anniversary We could have celebrated it Maybe for some it would have been the 808 It's true The 777th anniversary I told you, you should not forget that the 7 is the number of gods And then God is above everything The ultimate thing and the first If I have good memory after the pub It was used by the White Metal groups Yeah, that's good So the 808 would be The White Metal The number of gods is 8 No, it's 7 The number of gods, I mean Yeah, exactly Everything we say So the different ones Tendency, movement It's 999 Yeah, that's the number of the gods So we are not... We are losing We are losing Where are we? I don't know We still don't have a million We still don't have a new song We have something that came out Under the pop It's the only thing That is heard And it's the only thing that we don't listen It's pretty funny So tell us what it is Honestly, I don't remember the name Yeah, exactly Their structure is pretty close Compared to the voice It's true It's two songs One of 14 and one of 20 So it's true that They are not bad And their level is also Longer Yeah, exactly So what's funny is that On this record, there is a guest star Because it's a star He is the guitarist singer Nirvana, who is the group that is playing And who is playing It's pretty funny I don't know if you know Nirvana No, not really I didn't know that the one who plays the guitar There are three Three guys playing Who are Earths And two guest Do you know if this group would be dead Or if... I think they are still alive It's a mix It's one of the last songs If you are watching the date of their recording It's a common thing But the number of the series is one of the last Of the last songs So it's a good idea Thank you Tanguy So we will listen to Earths In an excerpt They have their song called We don't need it One of the two songs We don't need it We don't need it We don't need it We don't need it We don't need it We don't need it We don't need it We don't need it We don't need it Ok Earths Earths With a special guest From NewVan So the title of the song was One of the two The sixth song from 16000 The seventh song We will talk about it Do you have any specialities We have a set of a group I would say Neo-Industrial lausannois A group We can say it's a unit Ok it's a single guy What is it called? Archnider Archnider He didn't have a name He was debatised It's a guy who has the same influences And the same group He is not attracted to the classic Contemporary So musical level is different But far away There is a common spirit I would say a Neo-Industrial research Ok I don't know if there is a song Or a song I don't know I guess there is no song Yes it's the birth of Gargantua The birth of Gargantua So Archnider We listen to a little bit of lausanne Neo-Industrial lausannois Dear audience It's not your radio that is playing It's music It's Archnider Experimental lausannois It's special We greet Archnider We would be very interested to see the title Because it's a special We have a special guest We have a special guest And we will be very excited to see the title The title So we have a special guest We are very interested to see the title Because we will make music like that We think we will have some ancestors It was crazy We will go Don't worry Don't worry It's a good chance Anyway, whatever it is It's good that it's happening to lausanne I mean It's still bad if it's done It's amazing that it's happening to lausanne Anyway And how do you know that? The wizard of a meeting Yeah You two are looking for the same disc No, not at all No So we will leave slowly Because the time is advancing After that I think that the broadcast is pretty fabulous We received in the space of 3 weeks A Funk Metal group A Rap group And a Gloom Dark metal group And forget about a group of English pop And a group of pop In the heteroclites genre We don't do better For all the people who criticize our party price This is coming We managed to show once it's not expensive Exactly the opposite Next week, a group of folkloric music A Penzel one Exactly, I don't know what to tell you They are called the... I'm too dee-bub-li Maybe the Peacefuls who start their tour Oh yeah, they start their tour Yeah, apart from that We can call them by their name That would be really great We can call them by their name 200 or 500 We will leave and listen to a song Yeah, we will make a surprise A song from Electrable Thank you It's nice We will leave We will leave You will do a song If it's not for the broadcast Exactly We will appreciate the people who are impressed Because they made a song of 7 minutes I don't know if you listen to the effort They had to remember Exactly, these guys made an effort They said, fuck, they are not a radio We will target commercial You will feel my commercial It's never seen The song is called how? There is a question When I answered It's called Folk of Shadows of Night Do you have a project Or CD-istic We have a contact with a American disc called Wild Wag If it tells you something You have released cassettes I think we will release a second demo Before it's on the disc Since these demos are risky Once you find yourself in sale in LA Obsession or a bagtoumono It depends on Eric but a bagtoumono They are already in sale They have been selling for a long time And unfortunately there is no concert project Not for the media Calloutchi also Joseph, a calloutchi We know him well If you liked it Don't hesitate to buy it Anyway Thanks for coming And under the name of Lunderground I hope you will sleep well And you won't wake up It will be a great pleasure for me I wish you I would not dare to say that to anyone else But we can afford it So for once I will be able to send to the devil Our guests of the evening They sent to the devil With pleasure With pleasure Anyway, thank you And go to die Thank you for the welcome We are very pleased to make your necrology If you find a nice epitaph for my worst bullet You make me feel better I'm still alive It surprises me that you are not yet Found He is dead as he wanted to live No but I don't necessarily put a stone You have other means Ok You have a great health What can we do? Throw your body in the middle of the Pacific What do you say? I would like to send you to space I would rather see in the pyramid of Mikerino Or In the middle of the Pacific If you fall deep I would like to go out on the other side It's not interesting It would be a bit bad Good night everybody See you next time Good night We listen to a piece of music to finish And then Good evening folks It was the shadows Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music