 I've been Feeling down, feeling sorry For myself right I need a little please don't worry I might get some help It's too late Because yesterday That's part of it Oh, yeah Another body's getting tired My eyes are used to your face My head it aches, my mind it's wired Everything grows It's too late Because yesterday has fallen Oh, yeah Good evening, you're on A6UFM The 202.8, sorry You're on A6UFM for the new show of Shadow of Night Now I'm alone, Christophe, on the mic To give you some news, we're wHaïti ng for the others to come and talk about it Tonight, there won't be any group guests Against my previous week But it's a special Christmas So we're going to play some discs Iverno, some discs that will make you happy A little bit of a story to tell you after the horrors you've gone through Mordor, the last one Rap, last week's avoo, and even worse, the Funk Metal, last week's avoo So now we're listening to the Booradley's The last disc, the last supercant Santo We're going to listen to Nirvana So, the previous album Which was re-edited, since it's the last album, we're not going to talk about it It was re-edited, and it's also a piece of cardboard by Madel It also sold enough to get to, I think, the 5th place of each chart While the first disc is always in the first place, of course That was the second, top 5, of The Show of Night With Nirvana, this song is blue So, on the previous disc, Bleach Every morning, I'm about to like the blues Every morning, can't have a like to breathe Every morning, I'm about to like the blues Is there another reason for you staying good, do you believe in me? We knew, the first thing here is another woman, rather shame If you were a man, I would like a blues If you were a man, I would like a blues If you were a girl, I would like a blues If you were a man, I would like a blues Is there another reason for you staying good, do you believe in me? We knew, the first thing here is another woman, rather shame Is there another reason for you staying good, do you believe in me? We knew, the first thing here is another woman, rather shame If you were a man, I would like a blues Is there another reason for you staying good, do you believe in me? We knew, the first thing here is another woman, rather shame You go to any fight It was your favorite band, Nirvana, you all bought all the cars around And now, your future favorite band, your future favorite shooter He's cute, he has long blond hair, he goes down on his shoulders Paul Larry, as you know, he was singing in the Butterl Surfer you all loved at the time And now he released a disc by himself, it's fantastic It's a very funny disc with a lot of people behind it, we're going to listen to Oh Man He's Working Overtime by Paul Larry Paul Larry, our Texas friend, who's going to play a little hardcore ballad Come on, he's a... Some of the girls, I never have no phone Some of the girls, he's working overtime Oh Side down, the lights go down, life is weird I never have phone calls, life is a big, he gives me the perfect way Paul Larry, the guitarist of the Butterl Surfer He's working overtime I found a great album, it's called Rocking Christmas And there are some great songs, we're going to start with a song by Nathan Niel Mayer I admit he's very well known, what can we say about this handsome guy? I'd like to read a little bit, it's a guy who's from Detroit Yeah, from Detroit, very nice city, famous for its green spaces And he's very famous for his showmers, General Motors, who's a local in Detroit, has just been licensed, 75,000 people And how do you say Detroit? It's a beautiful city, you have to see it, we'll see And as it's Christmas, I said we'd like to do a special edition of the show, special Christmas, special joy and good mood What makes this song by Nathan Niel Mayer, called Mr Santa Claus, Santa Claus is of course the name of the American Christmas father English, rather... I have to say Santa Claus I'm telling you, this beautiful Christmas song, to all the future showmers of General Motors, in Detroit, who, I'm sure, will be the most pleasant Christmas this year It's for you, it's Nathan Niel Mayer in Mr Santa Claus, it's from the 1962 Do-Wop, it's very pretty Let's go Mr Santa Claus I want it my baby I want my baby My pretty baby Mr Santa Claus I want it my baby And I will never act for any, any more Mr Santa Claus I want my baby Gotta have my baby I need my baby Mr Santa Claus Bring back my baby I don't want no fancy clothes, big bang on my back I don't want no speed, no off-caddle ride I don't have enough of the old Santa Fe Bring back my baby Oh, Christmasy, oh, Mr Santa Claus Bring my baby Bring my pretty baby Bring it, bring it back, back to me Come on, yeah, yeah Come on, yeah, oh, yeah I want my baby Come on, girl My baby, why would I go She won't call me Come on, girl, oh, yeah I'll pick up my telephone Don't call all my friends I love no more baby She won't know me Come on, come on, oh, yeah This is the most enjoyable group of parents Just a good one Parents who regret the years of the year There is a group that can make them very happy It's the Stereo Labs A group of pop stars Who like the years of the year Because they bought a goal d fairfisa They use it in a very original way It's a minimalist pop group We'll listen to it right away We'll talk about it a little later Music Late at night At the most long involved On expecting moments The most beautiful of the two So see the flash Before they see the voice So see the multiple Before they see the pair Late at night At the most long involved On expecting moments The most beautiful of the two So see the multiple So see the flash Before they see the flash Before they see the flash Music Late at night At the most long involved On expecting moments The most beautiful of the two So see the flash Before they see the flash Before they see the flash Before they see the flash Before they see the flash 그러니까 some howTAical I'm going to talk about the English group that comes up every two weeks. We'll see if they'll last more than two weeks. That's the big question. It's going to be really original, but I think the other thing is really cool. It's kind of solo, with Lord Moog, with a lot of bugs in the early sevenths, David Bowie, whatever I want to talk about. We'll continue with Noël. We'll continue with Noël. With a tube of a character we love, and it's Jack Dutron, in The Girl of the Noël. Indeed, we had to give a tribute to The Girl of the Noël, who was left behind for this celebration of the end of the year. The Berries-Noirs have given a tribute to the Noël mother, but unfortunately I forgot the album, it's a very nice piece. But now we'll move on to her daughter, who tells her adventures with Dutron, who is talking about him being the son of Pierre Fuetta. If I'm not mistaken, I don't really know what to say about this beautiful daughter of the Noël father. So a tribute to Noël. Yes, as we love it. The next piece will be Tino Rossi's, in the White Noël. The next piece will be Tino Rossi's, in the White Noël. The next piece will be Tino Rossi's, in the White Noël. The next piece will be Tino Rossi's, in the White Noël. The next piece will be Tino Rossi's, in the White Noël. The next piece will be Tino Rossi's, in the White Noël. This was Dutron's, in the White Noël. And just to tell the fans of Dutron, if you're like us, that there's a CD of Dutron Live to Everdon, which is sold more or less explicitly. And besides, if you're a fan of the show, you must be three. You'll remember that we already passed some of this disc, because it was a disc that was actually a disc, because it was the band of the Reducis Romande, that were picked by John Secky, and that were pressed. And we had the band of the Reducis Romande, because we are very, very good people. And we had them, since we are all telling you about it. And we had them, since we are all telling you about it. But anyway, if you find this disc, I recommend it to you, because the sound is excellent, and Dutron is more punk than ever. Frankly, this disc is fabulous. There's a much more violent orchestration than on the disc, so I'll let you imagine what it can give. Because it's become meh, it's become meh shum. Oh yes, you wanted to go to Vingug, or yes, in fact it's really boring. Well done boy. Since you're the one who announced it, I'm telling you that you'll be very happy, because you'll have all the Sundays, from now on, we'll have the youth valley, there will be a bar that will be open, and there will be a special opening for little Jesus. That's how it is, that's how they called it. So I'll take it all out, all responsibility. The 24, 25, 26 and 27 December, from 21 hours, it looks pretty alcoholic. It smells like alcohol. I went to the gym last night at 3 am, and I had a cat. So the ambiance question was pretty zero. You're depressed in a good mood, and you're laughing at a relatively good market. Yes, it's really not expensive. And on the other hand, I know that the person who puts the discs is someone who has a very good taste, someone who knows the sound, so I can only advise people to go there, because music, in my opinion, will be good. By the way, did you tell him the following song? Yes, the following song was a song by Turtles. Turtles is a band that made a tube called Happy Together, which is a band that was especially involved at the end of the 60s with a few pop songs, a little bit of a little bit of a song in my taste. But there... No, it's a bit of a L.O.V.E. Yes, it's a bit of a L.O.V.E. There, we find the Turtles in 1963, in a kind of piece that is a bit boring. It's called Santa, the Santa Claus, and the Sidewalk Surfer. So it's a weird thing, because there is a guy who asks for a little bit of everything he wants for Santa Claus and then he turns the music pretty late. It's quite avant-garde, in my opinion, and I'm sure that Santa Claus on a surfboard must give something not sad. So we listen to the Turtles, it's in 1963. Santa. What's going on for Christmas, little boy? Santa, I want to be a real-life Sidewalk Surfer. And I want a genuine Wyamia bun-buster skateboard, and a bottle of peroxide, and a 114 ready-in-the-snowman surfin' records, and a Fender Electric twangy surf guitar. Is that all? Do you know what is it, Santa? If I'm going to be a real-life genuine Sidewalk Surfer, I got to have a torn white sweatshirt and a pair of cut-off blue jeans and some Warachi sandals and a subscription to Surfers Magazine. Well, little boy, I hope that's all you want for Christmas. As a matter of fact, no, Stannie, it isn't. If I'm going to be a real genuine Sidewalk Surfer, I got to be one of the boys, and I got to have a bunch of surfboardy cows and 15 copies of Miseru and a surfer dictionary and a big box of Band-Aids. Band-Aids? Why would you want Band-Aids for Christmas? Well, Santa, if I'm a Sidewalk Surfer, I'm going to be out shooting the curb, and when I fall and bust my buns, I got to fix myself up. Oh, oh, oh, oh! Oh, oh, oh, oh! Merry Christmas, little boy! Merry Christmas! Oh, oh, oh, oh! Oh, oh, oh, oh! Oh, oh, oh, oh! Merry Christmas, little boy! Go home, little boy! Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay! It's great, huh? Merry Christmas, everybody! So it was the Toyoturts in Santa in the Sidewalk Surfer. An intelligent group, if you could understand the words, it was pretty funny, but anyway, it was pretty cool. Now, we're going to go a bit the same way with the style exercise. It's also a rock band that's making their Christmas list, which is going to be sent to Christmas. This list was made at the time by the Sonics, the band's favorite band, and the Sonics had made a great playlist. I think you'll hear what the singer wants, among other things. A girl, a fling, a guitar, and a lot of money. The dream of the whole rocker. This song was made by the Grooves Homes, a group of Montreal that I particularly love, that they re-released live, I think, and it's a version... it's a version, that's it. And then we'll hear another song by the Sonics, this time. Always on Christmas. But we have killer as possible. So it's Santa Claus, and listen to what the others want. Well, Santa Claus, we're happy friends. I've been wHaïti ng so long just to let you in. I want a brand new car, 20-bit car, you little honey, lots of money. Santa Claus, won't you tell me please? Can you tell me please? It's just something for me. Other my Christmas tree. You can say it, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, wow! Well, Santa Claus, what you got on your back? Is this something for me? Inside your side? Yeah, I want a brand new car. I want a brand new car. I want a brand new car. I want a brand new car. I want a brand new car. I want a brand new car. I want a brand new car. I want a brand new car. 20-bit car, you little honey, lots of money. Santa Claus, won't you tell me please? It's just something for me. Other my Christmas tree. Yeah, but you can say it, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, oh baby, I'm just nothing for Christmas. But all I really want are Supernaturals and Stretch Arms Cards and Hungry Hungry Hippos and Inhumanoids and Sector Oids and the new Christmas album, Christmas Mania, Cards to Me, available at all good records stores. Yeah, but I don't want to print them, but any of that stuff. Yeah, baby, Christmas time, see you. Wow, Santa Claus, you tell me. And here we go, for the Xth reprise of Santa Claus the Sonics, which is always less original, obviously. But it's a pretty honest reprise, well done, as it should be. We're gonna get caught. Now, in my opinion, the best song ever made on Christmas, is of course the Sonics and the song is called Don't Believe in Christmas, it sums up everything we think of. It's even better than the B-B-V. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. In my opinion, the best song ever made on Christmas, the song is called The Morse Open, it's from 1966. At the time, the Sonics released a Christmas special album, because it was made in the United States and it's still pretty good. It's a lot of stuff, like new stuff, and stuff like that. It's made in the United States, so the best records are the White Christmas, and I don't know who wrote the White Christmas. And the Basement Five, which is a great band, I didn't bring the record, I think Joel would bring it with him. The Basement Five, a reggae band released in the 1980s a fabulous album, where there was a White Christmas, absolutely wonderful. And in the Basement Five, later, people will have to find them because in the Basement Five, there are no more people... There are more than the White Christmas. So, to say that it was made a lot on Christmas records, one of the famous ones was made by Phil Spector, he sang all his midi-nets, full of T-shirts, and it was a ton of music. By the way, Phil Spector, there's a compilation that comes out, I think it's the whole Phil Spector, the Basement Five. If you love the remakes, the kind of things, it's wonderful. All this to come back to the Sonics, which made a new album, which is completely untruthable, called Merry Christmas from the Sonics, The Wheeler and the Galaxies, three bands made on the same label. The Wheeler, we might have seen it earlier, we have another track on the same label, and unfortunately, this album is almost untruthable, so if you find it wonderful, what else should I say? They are really cool, because we will listen to Don't Believe in Christmas from the Sonics in 1966. It's really fabulous. Don't Believe in Christmas Don't Believe in Christmas Don't Believe in Christmas Cause it ain't getting nothing last year. Well, I tried to get a little kiss from a pretty little miss, she slapped me down, said she'd sure if it's the cold, it doesn't work. Don't Believe in Christmas Don't Believe in Christmas Don't Believe in Christmas Cause it ain't getting nothing last year. Oh, I hered off the reindeer, I'm making little kids cheer that reason it's no shines and skincare kım Don't Believe in Christmas Don't Believe in Christmas Don't полностью store it in another house every week. Training still75, half-p 아니まる Don't Believe in Christmas Don't Believe in Christmas Don't Believe in Christmas Don't Believe in Christmas cause I didn't get another last week Alright! Voila, the song was cool but what made us take a little bit of a beating was the solings in Don't Believe in Christmas So, we're gonna stop here for a moment for our special Christmas Christmas We're gonna play a song by James Brown which is awesome and maybe the Whalers too if everything goes well We're gonna play something weird a discovery by Christophe called Goose Am Go Go Snack So, Goose, I don't know who he is he looks like a C-60 the pocket is awesome we're gonna play 3 good guys with paper-roll heads like this with great guitars from the time and the lyrics are totally in German which makes me not understand anything and I'm wHaïti ng for Christophe to finish playing the guitar to come talk to us more about this famous Goose which for me is pretty enigmatic Voila Ah but it's Swiss in addition What's it called? It's called Wernerguts and it's the same label as the last live of the Milkshakes or the Headcotes I think the Z-Headcotes on this album on this label called Tum Tum So it's a bit of a joke there are things in German that make a little bit of a fuss and take the heart of the... It's really a bit of a joke he plays the guitar so it's a bit of a bilich-id By the way, Bilich-id appears at the end of the album and he says a few words He says very little of me He says it to make a sale Exactly I don't think it's going to be a lot of sales It's going to be a lot of sales It's a bit of a special thing If you like the Neo Sixties a bit of this style you'll like the song we're going to play It's called I Do It Right My time has come to sell a bundle of planes I don't have stories of being saints They had set a ladder to the sun and took away the part of the fun They took it away without asking The main scientist said to Engel King said for a while now one is their own but there's got no savior to tell I've been wild and when I stood up for a while I spent a lot of years to find it out It's the moment when I'm lying in my bed I think about becoming more handsome on bed Cause I want it all, I know the harm of the slice Cause if I do something, I do it in quiet But the world is lying down, baby You will remember what I have said If I do something, I do it in quiet If I do something I do it in quiet If I do something I do it in quiet Cause if I do something I do it in quiet Cause if I do something I do it in quiet Cause if I do something I do it in quiet Cause if I do something I do it in quiet I do it in quiet Finally So this was Goots, it's not called Verner I was wrong, it's called Elifre Mikael Goots He plays all by himself I noticed some words The word recording is not of any first quality It was recorded on a 4-way a few days There really is everything I repeat, we are saying that we are talking about the 60th with the Axos Zurich and other things a recording of with the Axos Zurich and other things with the Utility It looks fun but I don't understand We are still in the Ethno Folkloric with the 22 Pistopico the Finnish group the only one we know we cherish It's the only group we know In my opinion The only one to do the same kind of music than this Goots We will go a quarter of an hour influenced by the 60s but with weird things and the 22 Pistopico are the good example We will go to a song called Don't Play Selo an album that is fabulous but we wait for the next one with a press and a very good news The 22 Pistopico will go to Dolce Vita on February or March Anyway, it's worth the travel I saw them in Geneva and it's a wonderful group to have on stage It's also great that the music is doing and the song we will go to will be pretty good in the video It's a great song and a very good singer Anyway, let's go Don't Play Selo by the 22 Pistopico Don't Play Selo by the 22 Pistopico Don't Play Selo by the 22 Pistopico Don't Play Selo by the 22 Pistopico Don't Play Selo by the 22 Pistopico Don't Play Selo by the 22 Pistopico That was the 22 Pistopico Don't Play Selo by the 22 Pistopico Don't Play Selo by the 22 Pistopico You're so good at color I'm sorry It's a great idea to show that we love it We are very open people Let's continue in the same style of music It's a group that is a revelation for me this year It's a group called Galantrunk It's a group in English It's the group I've been wHaïti ng for since the Crumbs It's the perfect mix between Crumbs and the Bus Departee The first group of Nick Cave The first group of Nick Cave It's really the revelation It's been years that we've been wHaïti ng for a group like that that knows how to link the base of Sixties with a mix of Tariff Really excellent There are even we can say it free Jaws Yeah but it doesn't bother me It's a little bit embarrassing I'm not a fan of Free Jaws but I don't know I don't feel it Anyway we're wHaïti ng for the release of an album because for now they released two If I'm not mistaken there are two The two with fabulous pockets The first was a cat in turban You've already passed this song several times And the new single is called Some Fools Mess It's a easy ride It's a saturn The little canard With his girlfriend on a motorcycle A shopper It's a helmet with a big red flower It floats in the wind And there are small flags with a bike with pissenloff It's the best pocket I've seen this year It's really wonderful I don't know how to appreciate the animals But the pocket is splendid I'm really impressed with your disc, as I did after months of hard work to order from the Galen Drunk It's wonderful I think they're going to release an album very soon And they're not even on TV So it's maybe good They were among the rebellions of the year They've passed 30 seconds But it's worth it It's 30 seconds We're listening to the A-Face Act It's called Some Fools Mess It's called Some Fools Mess Some Fools Mess Yeah Some Fools Mess Yeah Some Fools Mess Yeah Some Fools Mess It's running down with your legs Get your hands on it now Get your hands on it now It's gonna run It's gonna run You Yeah Some Fools Mess Yeah Some Fools Mess Yeah Yeah Yeah Oh You Oh Yeah Yeah Yeah Oh Yeah Yeah And it falls to your heart Yeah To your own To your own In In Just go away On your journey Yeah Just go away On your journey Yeah Just go away On your journey Yeah Just go away On your journey Yeah Just go away On your journey Yeah Just go Up Down Down Down Down Down Down Down Down Down Down At Hey there you can down drink So down mesmo So we're gonna spend it a lot more violent this time So we're gonna spend it a lot more violent this time Yeah a little bit less bizarre Yeah a little bit less bizarre, so think hard Because the name of the label is Earache So it means bad to the ears It means everything Yeah it's the label of the gut flage Other errors of greencore English But in this case we have a A little more classic A little more septon That makes more references Let's listen to the chorus It's Fetch Tunnel That just came out, I don't know if it's their first album But they just released a album It was classed by the English newspaper Skate magazine Like the 10th of the year So here it is The Fetch Tunnel in a retake In a retake that you let Guess what Guess the height All to your skateboard Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music Music I don't want no cosmetic woman there brothers I see them everyday Music It's already a cosmetic world Well I don't need that I don't need that lipstick everyday Music I don't need no cosmetic woman asking for Markets, chest freezers redecorating her makeup Music I don't want that Music