 Let's go! Good evening, thank you for being here. Until 19.30, the information presented by Xenia Riva, by Yolanda Delgado and your server. Today, from the lausannoise region, Bellemont, a new syndic, Chavane, the deputies on the cellar. The friends of the city will lose their place, the taxis of the lausannoise region go from 141 to 33. A cup of cups in the city of Lozano, at the Malaise pâtinoir. 3 partial points of affection presented this morning by the municipality. 60 million for a gas turbine in the city of Lozano, when it comes to the moderation of traffic in Overet. It's not for tomorrow. Because of the TCS and administrative court, such are among others. We have so much tonight, the issues of the news that we will develop in a few moments, of course, the region is in need. Here are the national and international information presented by Xenia Riva. Good evening, the National Council hopes to be accepted by the people by a pass of tax on the number of cases to the tax on the added value. The president of the Commission of the Economy and the front-line Francis Mathe has indicated that the rate of the latter will be the subject of consultation. 7 of the 9 regional cooperatives of Switzerland will merge in 1994, which aims to adapt to the new European economic environment and to be more rational. This merger should create a group that occupies a few 3,000 people and make a number of business of several billion francs. The European Parliament formally approved today in Strasbourg the transit agreement concluded last month between the European community, Switzerland and Austria. The community deputies have also adopted the regulation for the application of the agreement. The State Council has adopted a report on the adaptation of the right to your rights to the EEE and presented to the Council 19 legislative modifications. The publication of this report before the federal vote of December 6, 1972, corresponds to the will to install the greatest clarity possible on the consequences of the EEE agreement for the count of votes, as well as the confederation with the EEE program. The public opinion is thus taught, the Commission of the Great Council can start its work and the Great Council will be able to debate during the session beginning on December 7, 1992. In addition, the legislative modifications proposed reveal mainly the non-discrimination between Swiss citizens and foreigners from EEE countries and above all the access conditions to a profession that had an activity subjected to counter-terrorism. International information presented by Yolande Delgado. Good evening. Foreigner Jean-Scroat Inna has announced today that the Bosnian city of Yaxx would fall into the hands of Serbs after several days of destructive combat. Located 100 km northwest, Yaxx is considered as strategic because of its two hydroelectric power plants. Its price would allow the Serbian forces to enlarge the corridor north of Bosnia, which connects Serbia to the Serbian region of Croatia. The HCR claims that the combat around Yaxx will generate a new dramatic influx of refugees to the region of Vitez and Travnik. We think that a few 15,000 people should leave the city. The European Commission of the Danuan Parliament has adopted today derogations at the Maastricht Treaty proposed by seven of the eight parties of the country after the failure of the referendum in June last year. Qualified as a national compromise, the project will be submitted to the 11 other members of the CEE. If it is accepted, Denmark will want to re-treat it again in the current of 1993. These derogations must allow Copenhagen to remain in the CEE, while keeping in mind the third phase of the Emancipation and Monetary Union. It will be Brussels to decide whether it can be considered as an interpretative clause of the Treaty. On the fifth day of the presidential election, George Bush raises the flag. Little by little, he ignores the advance of Bill Clinton in the polls. Bush had already known such a scenario, it was four years ago, against his opponent then, Michael Dukakis. The three last polls published yesterday give the results varying from three to nine points. The weakest result comes from the CINN-USC today, 40% for 38%. When the Rosperau billionaire is in the low, the polls give him between 11 and 16% of the votes. Acro de la Nicotine takes care of a club smoking in a public place in Italy that will soon cost you up to 200 francs of world. The Italian government has now forced legislation against the Taba by banning smoking in all open and public places. You must, Dorraine, before you get tired of shooting your club in the cinemas, schools, theaters, museums, shops, restaurants, airports, trains, planes and buses. But make sure the project is planned in some cases a few square meters for the smokers. A Russian cargo plane crashed this morning in Siberia, in the East, 13 people found the death. An excess of cargo could be due to the origin of the accident. Little Grenouille rises, rises, rises along the scale, but does it see the rays, the information of the weather that is coming? So for the Swiss remand of the valley, the fall will often be very dark with some rain and hail. The snowfall limit will reach 1600 m, the temperature will be 4°C at night and 8°C at afternoon. For the rest of Switzerland, the weather will be very dark with some rain. What to print? To stay on the tarmac of regional information. Now, immediately in addition to these national and international information, with Crissie. Crissie, where a survey was done to know the possible needs of the matter in the field of the little child. 8 children, welcoming structure, 2 days in this commune. 218 families, with children between 0 and 5 years and 87 couples married in the last 3 years. 100 children, total 305 questionnaires, were therefore sent to the Crissie population. 34.9% of the children were returned, 55.8% of these menages have already recourse to a way to keep them for their progeny. The number of children who were brought up in the community was around 66,3% of the people who were interviewed were interested in a place of reception of the type of nursery or nursery. The number of children who were brought up in the community was around 50.9% of the people who were brought up in the community were interested in Crissie. Where should the Children's Life Center be? 42% of citizens and citizens see Crissie Village, 36 in the south of Crissie. It is clear that the children's care problem is more acute in families where the parents work. The municipality is convinced that it is necessary to expand Crissie, the possibilities of welcoming the little child by creating open institutions during the whole day. The municipality therefore studies in this sense the following to give to this report. The West lausannois always with the association Bus Direct Prix. Remember inaugurated in 1959 the line of Bus Direct Prix-Église Lozanois-Gar, CFF, was deleted on June 2, 1991. It was the last of its kind after progressive suppression of other similar lines. The weeks before this suspension gave place to a collection of signatures among the users, a fructious collection since 1134 people profited from signing against these funest projects. The association of Bus Direct gives of its new, it is composed of 145 members. It has met for more than a year the committees, the unions of Prix-Église-Église-Renans, public transport for the moment, not new fresh. And then the community of the lausannois region to finish. After the position of the presidents of the six parties lausannois represented at the municipal council, the coordination bureau informs the population that the Correl, the community of the lausannois region, is still alive despite the constant attempt to announce publicly. The representatives of the Correl, that is René Martin-Président, Yvette Yagivis-Présidente, and Bernard Dumont-Harmond, Dernestinor, Jean-Philippe Tuillard, Georges Favre and Philippe Delachaud, announce that they are ready to propose to the General Assembly that will meet on December 3 next in Épalinge, a project of dynamization of the Correl and that with the participation of the 28 communes that it constitutes. The members of the coordination bureau rejoice from the declaration of the presidents of the lausannois on the participation of which they will be able to count to help reinforce the region. They do not underestimate their attitude, not responsible, from the moment when they have acted alone, without consultation and without having obtained the support of the municipality of Lozano, contrary to what we could read in some press organizations. They remind that the Correl does not rest on frozen structures, on the contrary, it wants to evolve and is open to all constructive changes. Also, the members of the coordination bureau are congratulated to be able to count on ambassadors and ambassadors convincingly and convincingly to those who doubt the region or who fear it. Belemont has a new message from Monday. Tomorrow it will be on the seat of the municipality for the president. His name is Gustave Mueheim. We met him for the morning, at 1.08 am, the Radio of the lausannois region and we asked him why and how he got into politics. Well, very simply, in 1985, I arrived in Belemont in late 1984, in 1985 there were legislative elections, I was requested by some knowledge that I had on the commune. Presented on the lists, I was elected, I would say, to the raclette, 52nd on 55 candidates and in 1988, one of the municipalities, Mr. Marcel Burnier, decided to take a retreat that we can estimate well deserved. The municipality had proposed a candidate in my personal opinion and I benefited from my first TASS seat election in 1989. There is no formally speaking political party in Belemont, there is still sensitivity. Do you feel close to who politically, Gustave Mueheim? Well, let's say very simply, Belemont on the Zandtra works on the majority system, so on the party outside the system, there are political parties in Belemont. By the way, I preside for the liberal party of Belemont. This action of political parties in Belemont is especially accessible on the outside of the commune, so to recognize the community of Belemont as a quantity, with respect to the arrangement of the content. The lausannois region is of course an important concern for all those who preside for the community, as it is said, do you also worry about the future of this region? Absolutely, the lausannois region is something extremely important. Before that, in fact, Belemont has made an important implementation during the last session of the commune council. The council accepted a partial affectionate plan for the creation of an intercommunal composting place, without grouping all the communes of the Lozanois. Is it an action? Will there be other actions as well? It is a first action, there are other actions that are in progress respectively for the transport problem, which for us is a huge problem, Belemont being confined to the outside of the Lozanois, separated by the dustbin of the capital or the region respectively. We have a big problem in the south-east axis, for our fellow citizens, the irans will be dust, we have human-based liaisons, very important with dust, but very bad physical liaisons. I'm not going to ask you your political program, Gustave Muehen, as it is said, but what are your priorities, what are the problems you want to handle as soon as you are in the head of the commune? I would say that we should already ensure the continuity of a work that has been very well done in recent years, perhaps to promote dialogue with the municipal council and the population, in fact, it is better to make the role of the municipality known. I think that we should analyze the financial needs of all our local societies, which represent the real identity of a village. We participate in the intercultural funds of the lausannois region, we are completely agree to participate in this fund, but we consider that local societies of Belmont would have a less equivalent support to the funds provided, to the payment provided to the intercommunal funds. It is a development of the associative life in the heart of the commune, is that it? Absolutely, in fact, it prevents Belmont from transforming into a city of authorities. And it is a risk now that your commune is running? It is a risk that the commune runs, as it has just passed, in a little while, the capital of the 2,000 inhabitants that we are going to bring to the neighborhood of the 2,500 of a neighborhood that is currently built and which is in place. The people who will come to come to come to live in Belmont must find themselves in other interests than the one of sleeping, if you allow me the expression. The commune of beautiful years ahead of her? The commune of beautiful years ahead of her, absolutely. To note in addition to this commune of Belmont, Madame Monsieur, which was yesterday evening a session of the communal council, in which we discussed the partial plan of the affection of Chonchamot, the entire legal dimension of the problem has been concerned during the three quarters of the debate, the advisers and the advisers, to know what kind of jurisdiction is applied to the decision to take in the field of this type of arrangement. We may perhaps recall in two words that Chonchamot is a sinister region since she was victim of a revolt at the time and that the communal council has several stages already discussed its consolidation, its reconstruction, since it is by the construction that we will consolidate rather than making necessary bases to then build. So in the ideal, of course, the communal council should have said what it did yesterday, what it did following the rest of its technical commission, presided over by Mr. Lomblay, a reporter, a commission that demanded that we refuse to take into account the pre-sum, but which made recommendations among which, the most important, certainly, is the preparation of a new map plan for the ascending, among other things, of this space and for the death of the debt, since there was indeed an ebb and a slip of land. The communal council therefore made the decision to decide on the matter, to refuse the partial plan of the ascending, but made recommendations to the municipality in the context of things that I have just explained to you. We move from Belmont to the north, to the western Los Anois, and more particularly to Chavane. A science of the communal council for the most surprising, even very original, simply because the power of the Liberation under the presidency of Pierre de Lille had invited the deputies of the surrender to come and explain. They explained to the council on the charges that weigh, even though they weigh very heavy, on the shoulders of this common debt, which is that of the Los Anois region, which has the highest communal tax rate in relation to the Quantonal, 115, in comparison to the state of Los An, 105, and especially because the coasts represent in this commune, that is to say the things that the commune must pay to the cantons, 5 million. The implementation of these coasts between 1989 and 91 is 45.1%. It obviously concerns public transport, teaching, social medicine and other things. At the beginning of this particular step, of this meeting hoped for this dialogue that risked turning to the deaf dialogue, a motion of a radical, responding to the name of Jean-Marc Rocha. The motion that this latter clearly motivated, he wanted the municipality to ask the great council and the state council to come back to a certain number of decisions and especially to explain to these charges that weigh very heavy on the communes. But behind the motion, a precise idea was hidden that Jean-Marc Rocha wanted to explain to us in the micro of the editorial. The position we wanted to deposit this position was mainly that the state of Vaux takes back to its charge the totality of public instruction expenses. Since the state of Vaux imposes in our commune more than 30% of public instruction costs and that it is the state that commands the integrity of these expenses without the commune being able to intervene in it. The simplest thing would be that the state takes back to its charge the 100% of these expenses, the communes providing infrastructure, buildings, gyms and maintenance of the 10 buildings. It would come back to say that the state should perhaps find new recipes for this and perhaps increase the amount of money. But this would simplify the calculations at the state level and would allow for a more regular tax for all Vaudrois citizens. A justice between the communes, is that it? Just a justice between the communes because I think it is normal that public instruction is the same as Agl, Nian, Sainte-Croix, Cachavan. Are you satisfied with the response we gave you tonight? I am satisfied but I hope it will be taken back by our Mr Ackerman, since he said he was ready to make the proposal during the December session. A motion explained by the radical Jean-Marc Rocha. Here is one of the most difficult interventions he made last night. He signed them as a guide. He raised them to the Tribune after the deputies tried to answer among the four questions he had asked them first. How could you avoid this increasing increase in the common code? The answer is what this latter finds to be the least humorous. A deputy can do nothing, you tell us, but he could at least think. This is one of the most difficult interventions he gave us to hear in the context of a common advice session. This is the reaction to the first interventions of the six deputies represented on 11. Robert Ackerman radical, Christian Bolland socialist, Michel Bourbon socialist, Michel Allemans socialist and Nicolas Morel ecologist. The deputies have highlighted the fact that they could not do much in the situation of the Continental finances. They have to wait for better days, said among other things, Philippe Chappuix. They have to wait for better days. There is no miracle solution. We can perhaps avoid the disappearance of taxes by a counter-utilization of these last ones, redefining the role of the communes, but for now we do not have very concrete proposals to make. George Guillet goes up to the Tribune, he says with vehement, his disagreements and especially his disappointment, he repeated it for the micro of the editorial. Well, listen, yes, I am absolutely disappointed because I was not ... I already thought that our deputies would have had trouble taking a fairly firm position. Despite all, I find that, near the middle of reflection, it seems to be, I would say, quite limited and especially in the proposals I noticed tonight, or only one proposal was made, we could have possibly talked about priorities for the rationalization of the costs. We came, I agree, with the regionalization, but we mainly have killed what was the regionalization of transport, for example. Because I remember that Chauvin, no one has a blue-blue agreement. Well, we simply killed that, for the next budget, this post was biffed. And that means, in your opinion, that the deputies tonight proved their incompetence? I would almost say so, yes. I know that everything is not easy, but from my point of view, there are still, with the deputies, people who do not think, who manage the fortune of the citizens who contribute. And that's what makes me more and more. But how are you going to react then? Well, the fact of reacting is very difficult too. I am also obliged to admit that because we are in a democracy and sometimes the interests of the ones are not the same for the others, and we must always be happy with the majority. Do you feel that politicians are cut off from reality, and in particular those of the great council? Yes, certainly, currently, politicians no longer follow the citizens who contribute. I really think they do not put themselves in the shoes of people who are currently in the unemployment or others, and I spoke about the properization, I think we are unfortunately coming at the high speed. In conclusion, this evening is a coup for nothing? I do not hope so, because I am quite optimistic about nature, and for me, I just want our deputies to now reflect a little when they vote for some expenses. The city's friends are both a leisure center or almost a small local at the top of the city's city, which connects the cathedral to the castle, a small local who risks escaping this development society, a development society not exactly like the others, since it must take in charge the life, the heart of our city, the city. This local belongs to the canton, it is managed by the management of this canton. Well, the city's friends, their president Claude Beauvais, received a break-up in July 1993. They will therefore lose this local because the cantonal administration has decided to restructure itself geographically and to use as many locals as possible who are at their disposal. It is certainly a decision motivated by the refusal of the municipal council to put at disposal the tunnel-repoly of the state of Vaux for a whole part of its services in its own way, as in the figure. A decision that was made yesterday evening, the committee of the city's friends, a decision, seen from the outside, which seems quite dramatic, we asked Claude Beauvais. Well, we must measure the terms, but it is dramatic in the sense that there is a small work for our animatrices. And as we have no local, central, leisure, as is the case for the other central in Lausanne, but our auduces would force us to renounce part of our performance. It is unimaginable in the situation, since we already have a program established for the summer of 1993. The contacts have already been taken with the troops, with the groups that will be here in the season, at least next year, and I do not want to renounce this animation program. And that means that we can still find a solution or is this break-in now definitively in June? So what we have decided is to contact the state, in this case with first the management of the state, with Mr Pidou, the head of the service, and then if this first contact does not end, nothing, we will follow the hierarchical path. What has been proposed to us, it was a local that could have been able to come, it is the local who is directly in the extension of the old school of chemistry, the old school of police, which is the object of a trust contract, we could have been co-locators of this trust contract, but the water that was proposed to us does not suit us, does not allow us to do the animation as we want to do, in particular, it seems difficult to imagine a cohabitation with locals located at different floors, reasons why we have renounced to refuse this proposal that was made by the state, and we will confirm the refusal that we have already manifested and then we will wait for another proposal or simply that we can imagine a coexistence with the state in the old buvets, we must have this old buvets, it serves not only our animatrism, it also serves the society, it serves what we call an urban refuge, it allows a large number of animation, from evening to every week of the year, we have a considerable number of requests, we know that the difficulty is finding rooms, small rooms to make family events, birthday parties or meetings of society in the other city, and this room is very used, we can very well imagine that the Commission of the Grand Council can meet at date that we could have in the year that we could put in the local reserve, and then the rest of the time we continue to use the local as we have done, and it is very well-known for the fact that it is a dream of our part, and we must discuss with the state officials. You have the feeling of being a victim of a reprisal, you had taken very positive positions on the side of the canton de Vaux for the project The Oripone Tunnel, is it a revenge to your opinion? The boat that had been granted to us, there are ten years ago, and it was for two, so the owner was still free to resign a boat. Tacitly things had been renewed without negotiations for these ten years, we were surprised by the way of the resignation, that is to say we have received, as Mr. and Mrs. everyone who is the resignation of a boat, a recommended official paper, without other explanations, this way it is brutal, it is surprising, we can imagine a lot of things. For now, relationships are good and normal with the owner, to know how to find a solution together, and we wish to find this solution. A local leisure center is practically impossible, even if you have an intervention, saying on the ground of the city in general. We are a development company that will celebrate its 100th anniversary of our 7th, so the development company has never had a local before, it is also the case of other development companies in the Eusanne, it is at the moment where we have imagined, given a plus to our presence in the city, we propose a regular animation, and our federation on leisure centers, that the local issue is set, at the same time, a little by the game of circumstances, the mayor of the Grand Conseil found himself free, and we were offered, we really had the complaint, we had to arrive by proposal of the Grand Conseil d'État, or the Socialist of the time, and then, in a large part of what, we had to propose a local animation, not of the city but of this local. So the local FLCL, in a way, quite opportune, it allowed the first animator, the first animator, to arrive in the middle of the local work, it was never really a local talk, which allowed to do animation, since we can welcome more than 30 people, and really we are quite enough, but it was a basis for work, first, a office, a telephone number, there is a small kitchen, there is a kind of infrastructure that allows an animator to receive and to accomplish its administrative tasks, we benefit from a second local, which is a class of the school pavilion, of the street Pierre Virel, in front of the Rumin Palace, which was proposed by the commune of Lausanne, but these two places put together, they are not always a leisure center, we do not want to have a center in the form of neighborhood centers, we do not have a kind of night and night animation, we have a lot of workshops for adults and children from the neighborhood, we want to do an animation in the street, near the inhabitants, as well as a cultural animation of the summer season, an animation of a toy market type, or of a presence in the neighborhood, including the streets, the city's periphery, we do not only hang on to the spirit of the cathedral and the immediate periphery of the city, reasons for which we do not sell a neighborhood center or a leisure center, in the way we want, it is a room that allows us, for example, to welcome the troops when these troops are ready to get ready, to put together a kind of material, and then, as I said earlier, I have a lot of this idea of urban refuge, there is the refuge, the Lodanoise Ferry, but we miss the city center, and this room is very useful to us, it is very requested, it seems more in what you can offer to our members. Here is a last minute information that has just fallen on the telecoms, the editorial and more particularly on the telecom of La Redaction, which concerns the local friends of the city, after good source information, the city friends could keep for at least two years their leisure center, so everything you just heard, without being definitely caddy, will be redefined, but do not worry, we will try to teach you more, an information that has just fallen, sources on the city friends, to keep their leisure center at least two years, I think that on the side of the management of the canton, we make quite significant efforts, it has already been concretized by the use of the city, of what we can call the ex-Gendarmerie, now it seems that the negotiation is over, we can value these consequent efforts on the side of the management of the canton, which since now a few months try to find solutions for each other, in a few moments the continuation of the news. The end of the video Ladies and gentlemen on the acid waves, just before the news, the news in the municipal sense of the term, a last minute information, it too, it is seven and four minutes, the demonstration, called by the union Vaudoise, and the signs, whatever it is supported by SSPVPOD, by the Socialist Party and the left-wing organizations in general, would have in their own lives specialists, and those who follow this type of demonstration, grouped in thousands of people, they just arrived at the place Chaudron with the FOBB or the SIB in mind, it is the syndical night that will give you other details about the claims, on why the command of this demonstration is on its hold, in a few moments, from 20.15 on acid, the news in the news, the trees suffered a lot, those of the Jora Forest in particular, the last victim of a terrible storm in capital, 15,000 cubic meters of wood should be dented and prepared for sale, Olivier Chevala, municipal director of finances of the city of Lausanne, explains to himself about this disaster. Well, first of all, it is indeed in the Lausanne Forest, especially on the Jora, to say the magnitude roughly 800 meters, trees were raced, broken, disseminated by restrooms, it is the cost of the water, it is 21 hours, roughly when the water rises and suffers with a lot of violence, reaching its paroxysm or its immunity point, if you want, at about 22 hours 40, results of the races, roughly, a total volume of raced and broken roots of about 15,000 cubic meters for the only city of Lausanne, it is the one that is not touched, we also talk about some damage in the municipal forests of Froidville and in the state forest of Vaud in the great Jora always, and these 15,000 cubic meters, what does it represent? Well, it simply represents more than annual production, that we naturally planned, that we had already entamed by the forest services and the forest services of the Vignoble, which represents in total, practically, 26,000 cubic meters of wood that will take place, that will be sold afterwards in a market that naturally knows a certain marasmus on the wood's side. So, financial problems in perspective? Yes, so there are first the problems of the damage, naturally, which for me are dominant in terms of financial problems, but of course, it all correlates to financial problems. Are these manageable? Well, we will try to do it, the forests are already quite busy, we have already taken some measures of urgency to stop, I would say, the wood processing cuts that were planned as being quite ordinary in the normal program to give priority naturally to restore as much as possible in the situation of this damage caused by this Sunday's water supply. So, the various seasons are therefore very dangerous? That is to say, they are very active, because they will have to work a lot, they will have to try to restore the state, and then, as soon as possible, they will have to be able to recoup these woods. After this bad news of the damage of the forest of Jorah, here is a good news for the sportsmen, it is the final of the European Cup of Cup winners, on March 15, 1994, in Lausanne, in the Malaise Black Pate, which we will call, on occasion, the Intercommunal Centre for Malaise Sports. Jacques Linnard, you are the municipal director of sports, beyond prestige, what will this demonstration bring to Lausanne? Excellent news for the sportsmen, and indeed for the basketball players in particular. What will it bring us on the touristic level and the knowledge of the city? It is a very important punctual element, but I think Lausanne needs a demonstration of this level on the time of basketball, to put the basketball a little bit in the top of the competition. It is true that, at the moment, we have a beautiful basketball activity at the level of the young, the juniors, and the lower leagues, but we are lacking, indeed, a team of level, of League Nationale. We estimate, but we think, that this demonstration will give courage to the basketball players to arrive with a team at the level. How many people do you think you can welcome from the spectators? The Malaise Black Pate, which will be the sports centre for Malaise, for the occasion, can welcome 10,000 people for this demonstration. We will have to bring something? There are indeed some improvements, but relatively little important, since the Malaise centre has now been adapted, especially for European championships of artistic skating. We will have to complete with some additional gradients, but it is relatively minimal adaptation. Speaking of improvements to the Malaise Black Pate, in the courses, we are talking about the V-Hipy logo that the Los Anoque Club would like to put at your disposal and build in this black pate, is that true? Yes, that's right. The lodging system for companies, for big houses, is an extremely interesting system, the ice centre. And perfectly in agreement with this principle, these constructions remain, these constructions cannot be done in vain because there are other activities that must be carried out. The Los Anoques sports, when they use the Malaise Black Pate, I think it's ok, it's expensive, when there is a demonstration of this type, does it contribute? It contributes to the ice centre because it is a good use. In general, I think that the contribution of the demonstration is above all a contribution to the sport itself, and not a financial contribution. So we conclude by recalling the date, March 15, 1994, for this final of the European Cup, the European Cup, the Masculine Cup. We are left, if you agree, ladies and gentlemen, in the Dicaster of Jacques Lienard, the one of the Police and Sports to take care of the reverie. We remember that following a motion and in the view of the inhabitants of the Concerné district, the direction of the Police and Sports of the city of Los An, this address, in June 1990, to the Department of Public Works for the Aménagement and Transport to ask him to install two zones, limited to 30 km hours, from each other, from the road of the reverie. In November of the same year, the Continental Circulation Commission proposed to reject the request of the Anoises, but the price was not followed by the Department of Public Works, which authorized the capital in April 1991, to limit the speed to 30 km hours in the two areas concerned. In May 1991, the Vaudois sections of the TCS and the ACS were resumed against this decision, with the Council of State for the Instruction of this cause, which was then taken by the Tribunal of Administrative on July 1st, 1992, 16 months later, only on October 19th, the verdict was finally known. 1. The quality to resumed is recognized, at the two Automobilist clubs, which were the Contestation of the Municipality. 2. The Tribunal of Administrative Admits the Recourses of the TCS and the ACS, in this sense that it is estimated that the file presented by the Municipality is still incomplete and that it must proceed to a complementary expertise. 3. On the bottom, the Tribunal of Administrative recognizes that the level of the speed measured and justified, in principle, a decrease in speed with a regulation by zone, and that the two areas in cause present a homogenous character. These two fundamental criteria were contested by the TCS and the TCS. So, Jacques Lienard, on the bottom, is it a victory or a defeat of the Municipality in this matter of the limitation of speed to the Vaudois? In the end, it is a bad game, but it is relatively regrettable, because since the beginning of our demand, it has been flowing for 20 months, and that we are currently back in the starting box, that is to say that we must resume studies to represent a new demand. And as we know that the demand is justified on the bottom, we can imagine that we will have no cause, having lost a considerable amount. How many years is it? It is difficult to say, because it does not depend on us. Regarding the Municipality, we will immediately get back to work to provide the requirements. Justified by the inhabitants of the district at the time, do you still think this demand is valid? It is still valid, by the way, on the current Swiss level. It may seem that it is going a little faster elsewhere, but we have seen that there are 606 cases of this kind that have been accepted. But why was your file not complete? The file was not complete, it lacked certain statistics, it also lacked a complete description of the arrangements that must actually be added to the signs of the circulation. What do you not want? It is the administrative office of the court that takes 19 months and then asks you to resume work. Of course, what annoys us most is that it is not necessary to start working again, but it is the time that has passed to respond to justified demands. That is to say that in your opinion, you are also deputy to the Grand Conseil, so you know the problem, the administrative court is incompetent. I would not say that it is incompetent, but we do not take the bottom of the judgment of the administrative court at all. What we regret is precisely the length of this procedure. But since the beginning of its existence, this administrative court has not often served the city of Lausanne, it has not often taken a loan for capital. I am then in the inability to carry a judgment on this point. There are above all cases that are unsuspecting. But we have taken rose, we have now revered and we could quote others. The administrative court is not pro-Lausanne. He does his job, I do not mean if he is for or against Lausanne. We are now talking about urbanism, if you agree, with the partial plan of the affection of the old time that concerns the lands that are in the corner formed by the road in the middle of the wolf and the avenue of the old moulin. The municipal price proposal a gift to the square plan of the southern end of this old time this board has extended the affection of the building that we will build between the post and the avenue of the old moulin. Why did we ask Jean-Claude Rosset, director of the work? It is the possibility that there is now to build an EMS. An EMS of about 40 to 50 lines, there are very concrete projects. And then it is by this agenda to extend the affection which is currently in the affection for the needs of the neighborhood precisely the EMS affection. Is it a hypothesis that this program of other possible affection? So obviously once the EMS is built, it will occupy the quasi-totality of the surfaces and volumes available except for about 150 square meters which will then remain available for rooms available in the neighborhood. Is it possible that we are in an eventual college to replace the hermitage or a large room as asked by the other company of development of the north? So concerning the large room, the possibility was until now to do it once the EMS will be built. There will be no more space. Regarding the college, it is optimal. What about the parking area, the civil protection side? So the parking area, there is indeed a whole area which is currently planned to be the parking area but at this point it will be possible by another agenda to predict the housing for example, which needs to be felt. Can we say that the EMS will be finally implemented? So it's hard to say but I think we have to count the legalization of the plan, the passage in front of the council, the construction, I would say two to three years. Another partial affection plan that concerns the areas between the street of the small chain, the path of the mill, the path of the charmets and the private path said richly which had done, if I'm not mistaken, the object of a miscalculation. What is the agenda for the enlargement of the Alfa Palmy hotel? What are the incidents on the space, Jean-Claude Roisset? No incidents on what will be visible in the free air since the PPA confirms a possibility to build an extension of this hotel entirely underground. This hotel will therefore be able to grow, it's the green fire. Once the Dada will be voted, legalized, the hotel owner will be able to put in the investigation his project. What will allow him to enlarge his 230 to 518 hotel beds? Is it an effort to support the economy? So it doubles, slightly more than double the capacity of his hotel. On this side, it's an interesting contribution to our city, it's clear. What are the parking spaces that currently exist in this place? On these plots, 159 places exist, about half of them are free, the other half are open. These are places that are part of existing garages, which give access to the path of wealth. These places will disappear and should be replaced by a underground parking under the hotel, with the same capacity, with entry and exit on the small chain. It won't pose any problems because it's new. I think it will rather solve them. The number of parking spaces won't change, and there will be more of this big circuit imposed on the car. But we enter and exit through the small chain? Yes, but in fact, in relation to the current chain of traffic, the work that is still in the chain is not in the best interest. It allows all traffic traffic by descending, and there will be an integration to this new parking space. Will we close this transit route one day to simply allow the hotel to be installed in the parking space? Close the small chain of traffic, it's not in the municipal projects. And the Montneil road is in the unique sense, in the West-West sense, will it pose a problem to access the parking space or to exit? To exit, in any case, to access, we could imagine a derogation reserved for the hotel users, which would then come from the West in the opposite sense, but that's possible along the Montneil road. Another and last partial plan of affection concerning the areas understood between the Primeros 35 route and the Plaine route. In fact, it is a plan submitted to the Probation of the Council of the Municipality and which aims to modify the occupation of two parks located in the opposite direction for the company Supra, a land that is already partially built, according to the previous plan dated 1959. The needs of the extension of the building of existing offices and the possibilities offered on the space liberated by the renunciation of the disease of the year, it's an old story, we supported this revision. What are we going to do with it? You said everything Jean-Marc Richard. The Supra is a disease case. It is at the three in its administrative building. It lends surfaces of offices outside, either in the city or in other municipalities. It wishes and is legitimate to regroup by building an administrative building. First point, second point, the decrease in the alignment that was decided almost two years ago by the municipality, following the suppression decided for a long time of the liaison of a disease, allows to remove some constructible surfaces to make housing, about 1500 square meters of housing in the south part of this PPA. The greenery too? There will be well-attended greenery according to the rules around the buildings, it is clear. With pedestrian paths and cyclable tracks? So precisely in the 12 meters, 10 or 12 meters that remain as alignment, it is expected that the possibility will be offered to carry out pedestrian paths. In conclusion, the parking will also increase capacity? Lightly, there are currently 90 parking spaces and the PPA is expected to be 120 and 10 for visitors at the freeway. Jean-Claude Rosset, urbanism goes its way and goes well with all these projects. Yes, we go ahead normally, there are three PPAs, two Adidas, a PPA that replaces another, regularly the municipality comes out a certain number of PPAs. We are now changing from domain, we will talk about gas and a gas turbine in combined cycle that we will install at the plant factory, if all goes well, because the municipality proposal proposal to him to rent a credit of 60,590,000 francs for the installation of this turbine, of an electric power that is imposing at the plant factory. Daniel Brelat, what will this turbine serve? This turbine will serve to produce electricity. Today, we produce about 30 million kilowatts of electricity by a turbine in steam that is 15 years old. Tomorrow, thanks to this new installation, we will produce with natural gas during the essential year, 145 million kilowatts thanks to this installation, electric kilowatts, and we will fall from 30 million to 10 million kilowatts for the current turbine in steam, whose life duration will be multiplied by a factor of 2 to 3. Globally, this new production of electricity, about 125 million kilowatts per year, represents, in additional production, about 10%, a little more than 10% of all industrial services sales on the municipality, and also represents about 20 to 22% of electricity consumption in the only city of Luzan. Globally, this new gas turbine will produce 35% of electricity in the VE, so it's not a small operation. And globally, it must also be said that this is a very profitable operation, since the new energy and structure, the new energy tariff in Switzerland in the next years, which are known, but not yet public, but are known to us, we will arrive at a situation where the global gain of all production and electricity facilities will be average of 6 million francs over the next 20 years, in the face of this, considering the death of new investments and also considering the interest of 7%. And if one day there is no more gas? Well, if one day there is no more gas, we can operate on the oil. I remind you that the global gas reserves are estimated at 60 years, and the gas represents 20% of the global energy consumption, and the oil reserves, when they are estimated at 25 to 80 years, and the oil represents 33% of the global energy consumption. So, globally, we have little concern for the time of this turbine, which is still 25 to 30 years. Globally, there can still be a major global crisis, but at the moment there are still other damages. Does it fit the energy criteria of 2000, in the field of air protection? It fits the criteria of 2000 energy well. It satisfies the federal standards on air and on noise, which are very strict standards. It fits the criteria of 2000 energy well because it allows to use the fuel better in the case of natural gas, to produce first electricity and to use the waste to produce heat. This concept is explicitly encouraged by 2000 energy and is possible by the fact that we have a vast range of heat-injecting heat in which the heating network is located. So, we will have a more-than-one-virus path, Daniel Brela? Well, it's not a very large path. We did the photo editing, we were extremely careful. The current path is 80 meters, and the new path, which will be 15 meters further south, will be 47 meters. We hope to be able to go down in 2 meters, but you will stay in the same place. These 47 meters will be essentially encased in a building. So, there will be only 20 meters that will go out. And the diameter of this chimney will be about half of the current diameter. We plan to associate all those who desire it at the level of associations with the aesthetics of the chimney. For us, the important thing is that we have one. The aesthetic problems are ready to be solved, especially with the movement of the Les Ales movement, which has already been offered for a collaboration. What is the improvement of the self-production of industrial services, our independent energy? So, we will spend, thanks to this, a self-production of 435 million kilowatts per year, at a self-production of 560 million kilowatts per year, which corresponds to 90% of the consumption of the Les Ales city, or about 48% of the consumption of the whole region, in the community. And then, ladies and gentlemen, if you agree, we will also end with the social, responding to a motion from the Council of Community Popists, Vue-Hemier, the municipal budget report, which today explains why the public knows quite badly the benefits offered by the different social regimes. It is the one with two main causes, frequent changes brought to it, social legislation and the fact that the benefits are not automatically agreed. The municipality is not in the form of modifying the conditions of the three benefits, it can, on the other hand, lead to information policy, which has already done what are the first results of the measures taken, explanation of Pierre Tillman, the municipal director of social security. Well, we can give information that the results are really proven, since on one of the first actions we had made in 1991, we have edited a guide called Né-Indicapé, Repenses à vos questions. We have done a full survey to ask people if this brochure was of interest or not. We received 15,000 requests from the brochure, so we have delivered it. It shows that people are still interested in the problem. Then we did an action, we sent 18,300 personalized letters to people who, according to the number 20, their tax declaration was likely to be affected, whether it was the Lé-Âme tax, or the complementary tax. And we had more than 3,000 people who went to our offices to teach. I can tell you that there were 1,460 requests that were able to be satisfied, so people who touched the Lé-Âme following this action. Are there people who asked for this subsidy and who did not receive it? Yes, there are people who thought they could possibly receive it, because the criteria are quite complicated, they are fixed, but they are controlled, so they go to the office by saying, no, listen, the criteria do not apply to you, so we cannot give you that. If we estimate to the extent that the criteria could possibly be applied, we asked for it in the meantime. So for the Lé-Âme, we see that there are 663 people who did not receive the Lé-Âme tax, but 1,462, following this action, they received it. So that brings about 11,000 beneficiaries of the Lé-Âme, and 8,000 for the complementary tax, AVSAI, Pierre Tillman, very concretely, the beneficiaries increase. Do we know if there are people who come to you who teach and who do not ask for these benefits? So there are people who do not ask for it. It is true that the law is so made that we cannot automatically withdraw a complementary tax at a time when they do not ask for it. So the question is to know if they do not ask for it because they do not know that there is a right or they do not ask for it because they do not want to, because they still believe that it is a tax, so it is not a right. So there are people who do not want it. So they do not have, on the other hand, all those who have a right. Our problem to us is to inform them about this right. Are you able to tell us if there are many poor people in Lausanne today? Yes, so we have estimated that like Manuchatelle, Haute-Saint and in Switzerland in general, we have more or less 15% of poor people. We did not want to do a new study that would prove to us that there were 16% or 14% of poor people. On the other hand, we will undertake a study to know how to effectively help these people, whether it is on the financial or educational level, or on the professional level, because all this is held to allow a person to get out of these difficulties. The success of this action, Pierre Tillman, do you inspire other things to do? Yes, in any case, the brochure is indicated and answered to your questions. It will be re-edited in any case every two years. It is still an action that costs us about 50,000 francs per year. So we think of it every two years for additional performance. There too, our people, our social assistants, we consider them to automatically always inform people about their right to go to the PC. In conclusion, there are many people who have less than 60 years of experience in health care. It is quite surprising, isn't it? Yes, it surprised us too. We saw in this action that about 400 people had the right to go to the PC, and who have more than 60 years, whereas more than 1000 people who have less than 60 years have the right to go to the PC. We can see that there is a poverty of young people. This is explained by the following. When a couple, a husband, a general, Mr. and Mrs. work, when there is one or children who come, a salary falls, partially or momentarily, in any case. And often too, you have to take a larger apartment, which is necessarily an apartment 9, so necessarily an apartment expensive. And that, it poses problems to the new couples. In conclusion, two information. The first, in exclusivity and in primer, for the Radio of the Zanouaz region. We can reveal the new number of calls from the Luzan taxis, which have finally lost their fight to maintain the 141. The new number, which will, I think, be based on January 1, is the 33, 141, 33. So it is the number of the taxis, the new number of these taxis, the Luzan. And then a demonstration, Monday at 8.30 p.m., organized by the Service of General Affairs of the city of Luzan, the association of the first route and the military representatives, which replaces the one that, until 1990, was taking place in the first route to Luzan, it is the military ceremony of memory. The Sunday, a young military and a nobleman, will take the word, according to the tradition, the crowns offered by the city of Luzan, the unmemorized association, the Luzan groups, the Vaudois-des-Officiers and sub-officiers will be deposited during the ceremony. An important detachment of the school of child poverty, authorized by Bière, the flags of mobilization places, the bodies of Vaudois-des-Officiers, as well as those of the military societies participating in this demonstration will be able to listen to the fanfare of the school of child poverty, of mountainous infantry, of savatans, from 1915 to the party hall of the Casino de Montbeno, a ceremony that will take place at any time and which is open to all and all, that the public comes many years away from the environment, we say in municipality, this is the end of this Luzan-Luzan information, in the municipal sense of the term, also noted that the executive has contested, has been consulted in detail on the approach of party presidents who make new proposals for a Luzan region, a municipality indeed met these last, but has never seen the project as these ten presidents presented to the press in the middle of this week. In short, the corral is still of today, the Luzan region, the Luzan-Luzan region, we have talked a lot this morning, this week, and tonight, so I think it's now over and enough, we will have the opportunity to discuss it again. I am warning you that tomorrow comes out a very important investigation, in 24 hours, the great daily novel and your information. An investigation carried out by M.I.S. Trend, which gives us, in some way, the hit-parade of the municipalities and political personalities seen if we had to vote today in the city of Luzan to read the municipal council and the executive. An investigation that will have to be followed very closely, in which the results will be presented tomorrow at 11 o'clock, at the same time, where we will give the call, the voice of this show that you know well, and in the good sense, the truth is better off the other way around. This is the end of this journal, thank you for listening. In a few moments, the title is called. The news is Friday, it is 10.15 pm, the great Sunday night on Acidule, the big evenings of Friday with Olivier Robert and your server. We have spoken to you about the realisation of traffic monitoring, a gas turbine for 60 million in Luzan, some partial effects, some information about the implementation of the RSAI and law on insurance. We also spoke about the new president of the executive, the new syndicator of Belmangusta Muheim, the potential disappearance of the local friends of the city, against this evening by a last minute information, this local could therefore be kept in the hands of the Society of Development of Friends of the City for two years. Other topics that we have also developed for you in the context of this journal, which is profiled to the international and international horizon, including information in the short and regional news. In a few moments, 20.15 pm after the broadcast in Sectici, we are in direct contact with Acidule, the people's house, room number 4 for the Sunday night, Olivier Robert with talent and finesse, always at the regi, your server in the microphone. Good evening, see you later. The voice of the good being on Acidule.