 Just suppose you suddenly found yourself producing phonograph records. You as the entrepreneur have brought together the productive resources of land, labor and capital to produce a record. Now, what record will you produce? Rock music is leading our young people to drug addiction and promiscuity, to prostitution and abortion, to suicide and vandalism and communism and homosexualism. And yes, good evening everyone, if you are on the shadows of the night, it is supposed to be an enmission in rock, all the lollies, from Wattonertrot to Wattrozertrot. But what we heard at the beginning of the enmission, the Guns N' Roses. And no, it was not the Guns N' Roses, it was a group called the Asecto. Excellent group of Spanish, an excellent label too, which comes out of a compilation of all their groups. We find the Minister label, Madrid, the Secreta label, Los Valendas, Parkinson's DC, the Minis, White Flag, etc. Note that on this label will come out of a compilation of the photos taken by the groups such as Madoni, Lena, Codain, Flaming Libs, Nomads, it is invitation, invitation to suicide, in fact it will be suicide shots. We will continue to have a new tea, because in a very new tea this time, we will start right away. It is the Jenpil session. You know the famous Jenpil, who has been in the industry for 20 years, even more so is a rather popular enmission on this label. He does live performances, all kinds of groups. Obviously he started with Pink Floyd, The Riding Stones, Libitals, plus at the time it was the groups that had success. And then he continued in the septons, he did all the groups of septons, about 11 years of work, and every time they recorded live performances of original songs, which gave place to all the records, called the Jenpil Sessions. What we will listen to is something recorded in 1989 and 1999. No, no, no, no, three are the Jenpil Sub-Up Sessions. They come out by sub-up. So it's only artists who are on this label. We find on it Modennitaad, Seaweed, Pound, Velocity Girls, and Codain. We have excellent choice of groups that we can find on the label sub-up, who have recorded with the famous Jenpil. We will listen to Seaweed, Sitting Glass, it's recorded, I don't know which one it is, somewhere between 1989 and 1999, rather than 1993, I imagine. It's recorded in the BBC studios by Jenpil, and it's the Seaweed Live. And that's it, what's not to add a record. Before we go on the antenna, it wasn't at all the Seaweed. But it's a tad, it still corresponds to the title that was written on the cover. Cool and cool, this tad that interpreted us. It's not bad, since it's an excellent song. And we listen to Seaweed at the moment. It's really surprising because I confirm it, the track 5 was beautiful to Seaweed. Apparently, it depends on the case, especially for us. In the Pokémon, Seaweed's songs are very beautiful behind us at the moment. Sitting Glass, we won't delay, it's absolutely fine. So, what's the next song? If you never heard of it, if you haven't already, everything is integrated, artists who are on it, otherwise it's really worth it. It's not very well recorded, but it's rather a collector if you want. We will listen to an extract from the compilation that we recommend to everyone, which is called Weird and Wonderful. Yes, the compilation is quite old, since it's at least 7 to 8 months in the jobs. But it's said that it's almost the end of the trash. Exactly, exactly. But is it true that the music that he has been playing for more than 3 months can have a certain value, Michel? No, I don't ask, because the music that has been playing for more than 3 months is good to buy only the purest things, because the rest is not worth it, believe me. My old experience. Yes, Michel, it's part of those people who buy a certain amount of records per month. But his collection of records doesn't count much more than this number. It's worth 300. Girl, he will throw it all the way. If you ever go to Michel's trash, it's close to Riva, close to Vevet, it's worth it sometimes. So, talking about this compilation that I didn't buy, that's weird and wonderful, we will listen to the mania liases that opens this compilation with Hello or Goodbye. It's a group that we have all forgotten, which in the end is not bad at all. This compilation just for the little story, it means that there is Paveman, that there is Sude, that there are all sorts of very diverse things, that go from N.C., Nacre, not the bourrelles. So, what is this compilation? This compilation that hasn't been released on E.A.Z.I.C.I. Finally. Ruffles. So, the mania liases, that's weird and wonderful compilation. It was indeed wonderful. I don't know if it's such a weird word, but hey. Hello or Goodbye is the title of the mania liases. We will now continue with the compilation, because if you have a lot of luck, you will fall on this compilation called Cheap or Crypt Sampler CD, which is a CD at a price, a boat, in all the records, because it costs 5 or 6 euros. It costs 5 or 6 euros in English, maybe in the previous one. Yes, because of course, here, the recorders will be happy to raise the price to 30 bucks, since it's a record, it's a... So, you have the chance to fall on it at its real price. This compilation is worth it, when you can find the new bomb turks, the big dogs, team generate, mighty scissors, Gory's, John Spencer, Blues Explosion, Biggwild, Roach and Ninepond Hammer, Ziedcoats, Fireworks, etc. All groups that are very rock. Indeed, since it's the Cript label. Trot a song, 16 groups, 7 to 8 minutes of music, 5 bucks, that's a lot. We will listen to Ziedcoats, the group with the words, they are more spent on the missions. Ziedcoats interpret songs that are called every day, it's not really in the finesse, but Ziedcoats... But their curious result is more clean than usual. So, Ziedcoats, a little bit in the commercial, since they were on a compilation, and in the end, they were more public, given their price, I don't know. We will listen to it right now. Ziedcoats, every day. We are shit, dear audience, we are shit. Because we have again, a little mistake, if Ziedcoats are so clean, it's not because it's not Ziedcoats, it's once again, it seems that all these compilations contribute a song to our reduction, which brings the number, of course, it makes us cheat every time. And now we have passed the Ninepond Hammer, a country punk group, instead of Ziedcoats, a group of Neo 60s punk. Each one of us has a little bit of a bad read the cover of these 10s, I see Mano, he is indicated at the bottom, this record is recorded for the Shadows of Night, Hot Barathez, Swiss Rock Emissions, Hot Barathez again, they won't understand. Well, well done. We got to see him twice. I thought that in fact, he was also a good marketer, they saw us arrive, there is only one troupe, and it was just for us, well, we had to go in the pan. Well, anyway, his file, because the Ninepond Hammer is a group, it's been a long time that we had not listened to the shadows' waves. And a group that we have never listened to, however, it is the new London tea, a group called Blair 1523 or 1593 or 10523 and it's a group ... wait, 60s, psychedelics, but which makes a bit of a neo-Charlatans. It means that it's a group that is completely over. But, but still interesting, there are a few things, one or two songs, maybe one, but which are vaguely received by the fieldmine, if you remember this beautiful group. English. Sarah, yeah. So, the album is interesting, it's quite long, for a short time, but well, here is Blair 1523 3rd place in Vox Records, attention, we listen to Swell. That's really hard. And so, it was Blair 1523, a London group, well, English, who, by the way, had to release the CD's most cheap album, never released, because it composes only one written face, the other is a white sheet. The poor ones, they must not roll on their shoulders. We will continue with the English pop, with this new group, called Passion Fruit and Holy Bread. It's a group that, after the melody maker, attention, was classified between Suede and the Smiths. So, you see, a little soup that it will give. It's sometimes quite interesting. It's called the title, it's called Jonah Was Swallowed by a Big Fish. They didn't make the title the shortest, in any case. Here is Passion Fruit and Holy Bread, it's an English new group, where, too, new pop, who would have been late, because it starts very slowly. Here is Passion Fruit and Holy Bread, a name that we will not repeat, and which is quite long for us. And here it is, it was the Passion Fruit and Holy Bread group, we are tired of repeating it so much. The name is slow. We will see if it will lose, if it will lose to Suede, for example, since they are apparently also well placed of the melody maker. I hope not, because it's not really excellent. No, it's not. Well, well, the English pop. But we continue again with the English pop, because we have a little Seikoz pop, the three titles, with another group. I hope you will not want to listen to us. But here it is already more interesting, it is a demo that we received from a little ugly label, a group called... Well, that's a bit complicated for me. I think I will make a deal. 18th Die, here it is, 18th T-H-D-Y-E, or the 18th day, who, as you know, was good day or... So, it's my idea. They just released an album called Done. Well, they just released a demo. We received only a demo cassette. We listen to a song called Girls Boots, and it's really, really good. So, we wait with the passion to release the album. I hope you will follow it, for yourself, that you find it in the e-bac on the No Disco's disc, which is not necessarily evident, since the group is absolutely unknown. So, here it is, 18th Die with Girls Boots. So, it was 18th Die in a new group, apparently. It came from England, interesting to follow all the cases. Well, now, it's still a group from England, but a completely different style. These are the collapsed langs, which, in my opinion, will be the next big thing to come to the earth. In any case, concerning the rap. Okay, they already do the first part of the Cray to the Nation. They are really nice. By the way, I read them, because I saw them this Saturday in London. Really good concert, and on the disc, it's absolutely a beat-up. We will listen to them, I think it's their last song, but I'm not sure. I'm going to ask if it's not the first one. Anyway, anyway, it's collapsed langs. Excellent, it's really great. Down with the plate, fed. We will listen to the lodge version. Nothing to say, it's perfect. It's absolutely perfect for English rap, if you like. Ladies and Gentlemen bah... you're so beautiful. You always got their vibe. Hey, there we have it. It's collapseding거� Lav Jean between that's the group Londonia, produced by some Smithmac we even got a chance to talk about some months. They've been producing El Abune from The Radiator, and now it's a great group that was born in London for once there's not a lot of great group from London, the 3Ds it's their second album it's been a long time they've released an absolutely fabulous album in terms of their development and now they've found someone who's interested in them and they have a good studio a good recording and it's absolutely amazing it could be the 10th of the year at least in the day and then they've released Venustrails we're going to listen to Hey Soys when it was already on 2-3 weeks ago single released at that time but it's an excellent song and you'll have the chance to listen to some other songs and you'll have the chance to listen to the songs here are the 3Ds and on this album there's a huge influence of Pavement it's not really surprising they're looking at all the current groups that were produced by Pavement but it's still original the proof we'll listen to it right away the 3Ds and yes it's the 3Ds sorry with Hey Soys we'll listen to some other extracts next week another group that's released on Elemental Records Rapelon and Elemental Records the label of the B-Wack group for example and again a lot of groups oh yes, by the way about B-Wack since you're talking about it they just released a new single a brand new, fresh one but for the original it's always B-Wack 100% a little better but fortunately we have Linus Youngly Youngly is the title of the album Linus is the name of the group they released an album full of small songs there are about 20 of them well it's really pretty English but in the good sense of the word I'm just going to say inspired by the first songs by Robert Crumb at the beginning of the 60s if you remember the day a little psychedelic it's not bad it's a new group Linus the song is called Riding with Rich and Daryl we'll meet again soon because the song lasts for a minute see you later that's it it was Linus with Riding with Rich and Daryl it's a really fabulous album you've listened to it in almost 20 minutes and you only have things like that it's really well done minuscule so you won't be bothered to find the album it's more delicate and it's not easy to read so it's the most red thing that you can imagine there's really red on this almost red sheet including the plastic cover so you shouldn't have too many problems to find this album so it was Linus with Riding with Rich and Daryl it's a really fabulous album because you've listened to it in almost 20 minutes just thanks to this you'll not be bothered to answer your questions so worst case scenario for the winners there will be anotherに at the end if you please if you get to know it而且 so thank you B Harvey there is really red on this piece including the plastic oven so you shouldn't have too many problems to find this disc Linus is the name of the group let's go back to totally unknown things let's stay rather with a group of Manchester it's more the mode of Manchester and this group doesn't do what we call the Manchester there are millions of them they are called Bandit Queen it's a group which has a certain admiration for Frida Kahlo who like everyone knows is a Mexican painter a painter? a painter yes from 1907 to 1904 was it a... or a yes I thought it was a a painter painter they did a piece on the B phase of the single but we will listen to the phase A which is called Scotch and which is the original for a group formed by two boys and a good man who obviously holds the battery here is Bandit Queen here is also new group it's the single we don't know if there will be a sequel to that we will see in short, the Charles Of Nights you will discover it once again here is Bandit Queen Bandit Queen and that was Bandit Queen with Scotch a 45th tour by Rue, very recently so the earth too I doubt it will come to us a good day maybe an album will follow this top let's go to America who was all I really feel like I decided to show you at the beginning of the show the best group of rap in the world and far away the famous Cyprus here who also put nostalgia in the rap a minor rap with this new single called Leakishat what to say? did they make a tour of Cyprus? they should indeed probably a new one until now at least not here on the Rappotinontone we are wHaïti ng for them with a passion there is nothing special to say if it's just a little masterpiece as usual and that on this single you will find an instrumental of I Wanna Get High which makes you certainly a beautiful job that was Cyprus Hail Leakishat who is on the album last Cyprus album yes but in another version it would be nice anyway this single is especially for the fans of course there are a lot of them and yes there are a lot of them I don't know, but there are a lot of them of Hamhaed and that is an American group Alamelvin which is a very heavy album and after that it will be the informations and then there will be new news new news, the news we will find out later so it was Hamhaed with their new album Into the Vortex excellent we are wHaïti ng for the informations from the first one, it is 22h30 we will find ourselves after for the next of the Shadows of Night I think it will arrive in the Avers or in the Aroches at the end of the afternoon and yes, it is 22h 4 at 3 minutes you are on the shoulders of the night and it is a rock show of the eye yes but be careful, what you heard was not from the music of Nazi Germany unlike what we could have with Croix we listen to this one with a discreet ear it is an old German punk band which formed in 1979 which separated in 1984 which reformed in 1989 and which still exists and which is a song 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7th album so they have a historical past and they have been formed visibly in the view of what is becoming the punk rock in order to fight against the invasion of these neo-Nazis groups yes, they still have some political texts they wrote songs called Nazi's Raus, Deutschlandmus, Sterben, etc so they take part apparently yes, there is a little bit what is it called? Polizzi's SRSS everything is fine so, the Slime yes, Slime, yes and everything is fine is also a new ugly band which gives this one the hardcore it is Valve not very famous, unfortunately they just released an album Pulling Legs of Flies and we listen to Naive on this band, they are on the same label as the Pavement but it has nothing to do with it here is Valve that was Valve not excellent it was a naive song maybe they really feel it because it is not sure that it is commercial it is said that it is not what they are looking for like most of the bands we are offering you are about the commercial band there is one that you will pass on to us Manu who is a commercial band it is really commercial it is a smash band and once again it is for the press especially the Maudimaker smash with his first album called Rural Surreal sorry, some interesting titles on the mini album which is out the mini album is nothing else because the two Karetsa Tours if you are a fan as I am, you will have bought the two Karetsa Tours with the album it is really useless you can listen to it it is worth it and here is Revised Number 3 pulled from the first Karetsa tour is it horrible with smash it is their furs their furs are absolutely indelible sad clowns it is a sad clown made by a little bit and quite a bad taste a guy drawing a thing on a table a shitty coffee equipment it is really incredible with two little stars shining I always hated it it is really agerb I have never seen anything so horrible fortunately the music is less bad what you need is for the G audience when he is an adult smash, Revised Number 3 smash group who will make a mistake we are almost certain thanks to the press right away, American group that you know we will see you soon to release their single Miss World there are some bands that just released their album maybe I am sure we have not yet listened to the live songs of this single called Do It Clean which is very short there is 1 minute 25 for you it will be enough to call at 3217511 to get this Maxi from Miss World don't be shy, you already have a 20 3215 11 Maxi the whole we will listen to it right away Miss Clean in live version after the haul we have taken advantage of it to give you some extra lyrics of the album Fast Backs it was Believe in Universe it was a pay when we were not listening to the Fast Backs it was a big mistake we continue with the Riot Girls it's a joy we take an expression of the English press a group an English group that comes from Docksford it's Death by Creampers a girl group that make us of the music influenced a bit Breeders because it's in the current fashion Death by Creampers that is not known in Switzerland it's a bit excessive so a group English Death by Creampers new a lot of it and here is the new promise since the information that comes from the song it was not obvious ah you know that we do not have any sacrifice to bring you the best this with a lot of progress we are late, for the first time we could have more progress but it's not serious we will make you listen to the new Freakings for All that you have been wHaïti ng for for 1 and a half years and yes 1 and a half years of radio silence 1 and a half during which this group is more or less dissou in nature they are physically beaten they are drugged, most of them are dead but they will read the only survivors we must say that they were many a 5-odd 10 left there is one who is dead and they have succeeded in doing something called Heavy Roots EP for those who would have bought or heard in this show the first Maxi they will be surprised because first of all this time it's a real disc it sounds not but it's not but there is the style before it was more good childhood it's the new wave it's very good the titles remember the title Heavy Roots Heavy Metal what is it Roots Root Beer the heaviest song because we start with the name of the song it's called Dance Metal Mix from Burning Inside it's quite catchy it's the Free Cheese For All a precise Lodanoine group who has talked a lot about it and with this Maxi we'll see so what we can say is that we will do the little concert we will start the Free Cheese For All Friday wait I'm not mistaken Friday 27 it's not a bad day it's in 2 weeks but I think we will invite them maybe next week they will the ability to come in this great mission to reveal the secrets of the new album Saint Etienne will be a concert this Sunday at Bull do we hear them there yes we hear them I don't have any more means to pay cash in this studio and there will also be an event we will talk about the event Next Soul Sunday first part of Saturday first part of Deep Frozen because Deep Frozen will be also on Saturday with Stereo Lab this well known group which we appreciate the music Deep Frozen will be playing again there will be 3 groups there will be a solo and Stereo Lab English side and Swiss side Deep Frozen will hold the crash the longest possible they will do 4 or 5 songs which one? Strawberry Records interesting interesting is there another concert no? Magnapop exactly the great group in the Frisson it's not the ideal place to see them if you have never seen them go see them you can go there and you can go see the Flesh Stones they will sell it for those who have never seen this prehistoric group it's worth it and the Flesh Stones is the ideal place to see them because there is a public of knowledge let's go to another group who will talk about it or who already doing it it's Sensor with a song shot from their first album Stuck It Up the song is called State of Mind it's a little group that I reveal and will be at the concert in the month of June finally and in the same time we will have a fundamental in a long time to talk about it Sensor when you want it starts slowly yes Sensor of the new album it really starts slowly we are patient and we arrive next time we will listen to them before this video until next time see you soon goodbye I swear Did you see where the tendencies are? all the ones weaj constituon and it's what is going to be have safely rap, body, English very interesting we will now go to rap, body and elvetique not so much rap, variation and elvetique be negative guys it's true that this unique song and new maxi called go, go let's go is a little more various than some but in my opinion on the album there are some little bijou so here is the new single maxi which exists in two versions which is the spanish version that we will listen to right now and the album is at the end of the month but I think we can have a good preview in this show that you know, reputed for his avant-garde his precociousness his precociousness so let's go Carlos and the San sonic pose which tells us that we can have a good preview and we will listen to the music and we will see you in the next video bye see you bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye Santa Maradona with the football games Maradona speak black Santa Maradona the black hand the red hand the radio we will stay in the same style with a Mexican band a band that comes from Arizona if I'm not mistaken it's the super suckers this band that I personally love I think it's one of the best bands that Cléauther has never worn because it's a perfect mix between Ramones and Motorhead it's really the type of disc that you have to listen to at home so we will listen to their second album called the Mano Negra called the Mano Negra the album is called the Mano Cornuda it's funny that's why we did this I forgot the chain after the Mano Negra we will listen to the Mano Cornuda or rather the super suckers because they gave the name to their album we will listen to the song Creepy Jack Plop High ask me what you mean and it's the first song of this album it's really good they made a little gag we hear several times their automatic response at some point their manager the sound engineer who called them they turn around and after 10 minutes they ask if they can have a free entry to the Lan de Main concert or just oh there is Pearl Jam who plays it's funny and then their big gag is that there are 14 songs and then you watch 14 songs and the timing is 59 minutes and you are a little surprised because you know the super suckers and normally the super suckers are 2 minutes 30 maximum 3 minutes for the ultra long songs and if you do 14 times 2 it doesn't really make 59 minutes and they put it back at the end and you have the whole album where you have 2 times the same album for the price of one single we will listen to the first song Creepy Jack Plop High great song that was the fabulous super suckers they already helped 23 hours we will conclude some moments but before that a little piece and then a last little gift because we say that if you are only 11.30 you have a small gift so the first auditor or auditor who will call and will offer us a lot of gifts will receive in exchange the maxi of unique sense so here a great gift that we do it's a pleasure to know if there are still auditors at this time someone who supports both unique sense and bywazzard we will pass you right away if the number is 3 205 are and the 021 you make the 1941 before for those who would call from abroad so we continue with bywazzard which comes out his second album the state of the world address it's a little better product but the pocket is even more ugly than the previous one this time they just photocopied something and they said that it's a little cheap a black and white photocopy what to do? we will buy a lot of plastic, orange color so it will give a pocket orange and that's it they have ideas and a cover so we will listen to bywazzard in a song called pride a calm song to go to sleep which proves to us that at 23h30 there is no more water from the show of the night so for you we will look at our unique sense their well deserved so bywazzard and next week welcome from the show of the night welcome we hope you will like to see the full version of the show after 24 hours we will continue with bywazzard we will have to listen to the music and see if we can go to sleep if we can make it to the end of the world if we can make it to the end of the world to the end of the world to the end of the world to the end of the world to the end of the world