 Anyway you can you know our countries in generaliros In the first half of the video you will talk about gastronomy, automobile, architecture, circulation and you will fill information between music. You will be offered a Friday Monday at 6.00 am at the morning of Jean-Marc Richard, the regional news is on Asidule. On the 12.8 of the FM band I listen to Asidule, the radio of the Los Anoas region. Bonjour, je suis votre conseiller mafioli. Choisir une chainie fi c'est important. Installez vous dans l'auditorium mafioli. Écoutez, regardez et alors seulement dites-moi ce qui vous plaît, soyez exigeant. Je vous aiderai à transformer votre rêve en réalité, dans les meilleurs conditions. C'est mafioli, le service fait la différence. Mafioli al-Auzan, rue de l'Al 25. Pour votre publicité sur Asidule, notre répondeur automatique au 20.22.31, notre fax au 20.51.14, notre adresse acidule FM Service Publicité Caspastal 60009. Avec Clarence, une fraicheur à Asidule. Clubfam. Tous les vendredis entre 8h et 9h, l'univers féminin se dévoile. Politiciens, cadres supérieurs, humeurs de famille, elles sont femmes. Du lundi au vendredis de 6h à 9h pour bien débuter votre journée, vivé au rythme des matinales d'Asidule. Informations régionales, trafic, bulletin météo, revue de presse interviews avec les matinales de Jean-Marc Richard. La fusion de la nature et du savoir faire, Clarence, l'efficacité en toute légèrté. Le gest est clair pour un nouvel écla. Clarence, le spécialiste de la beauté. Ma'am ma'am ma'am, bonjour. Bon matiné, a tutti, a tous. On se leyi, un peu frisket, mais nous sommes de retour au centre-ville après la riponne la semaine dernière. C'est en direct de la place de la Louvre que nous vous proposons en dépit du bon sens. La vérité décole mieux par vent contraire, jusqu'à midi. On se retrouve donc en direct pour parler zone piéton, pour parler stationement et circulation. Le parti socialiste Lozano organise aujourd'hui sur la place de la Louvre. La première véritable animation, or faite à Lozano, de 7 dit place. Le passage de l'hotel de ville vous mène à la place de la Louvre, ou vous mène de la place de la Louvre à la place de la Palu. Et nous allons parler tout à l'heure avec quelques invités, entre autre avec la sindicivetiagi, qui sera dans quelques secondes au micro de la rédaction. Mais tout de suite, pour donner le coup d'envoi de cette matinée, qui s'annonce très ensoleye, on le disait un peu frisket, donc on va réchauffer l'atmosphère et les ambiances. Avec les fountshop, qui est un orchestre bien particulier, qui a donné de l'ambiance et du rythme ce matin, à ce centre-ville qui s'anime le samedi grâce au marché, mais qui a bien besoin de ces quelques notes de musique que nous avez proposé. Alors on demande, présente peut-être l'orchestre avant d'écouter 2 morceaux que vous allez interpréter dans quelques instants. Bonjour. L'orchestre des fountshop a été créé y a une quinzaine d'années d'anciennes participants de Fondsfards, de Lausanne et en Viren et par amour de la musique, plutôt que de résidentie de grandes sociétés, nous avons décidé de créer ce petit ensemble pour garder une grande amitié et se présenter dans des manifestations tels que celles d'aujourd'hui. Vous venez d'où du canton d'vo ? Le canton d'vo plus précisément de vu chere, tout près de Mezières, pour ceux qui ne savent pas. Et pourquoi les fountshop ? On l'a un peu cherché longtemps, même des noms rigueux l'eau, mais finalement, ce sont les fountshop, qui sont sortis du l'eau. Are you presenting us a little the musicians of this morning ? I don't know if it deserves it, but I would start with Saxophonist, who is our friend Raymond Racine. Next to the baritans, it's Jackie Favra. Next to Maurice Dizrin, it's Roger Hane, it's our friend Gerald Matille. And myself, it's Evald Rocha. Unfortunately, he is missing today 3 musicians who were taken by other occupations. About occupations, you are in our company until mid-event, ladies and gentlemen, we will listen to the fountshop, 2 pieces to give the customer a voice, once it's not customary, in the good sense, the truth of the school, better by the way, do you want to present these 2 pieces ? The first is our indicative, the march of the shops. And the second, the party to Agno. The march of the shops and the party to Agno. It's not the music of the Cusca, but it's in Sidul, on the square of the Louvre, ladies and gentlemen, it's in the good sense, the truth of the school, better by the way, you can do as you like. The fountshop that we can applaud very hard, ladies and gentlemen, on the square of the Louvre, for this particular party, it's the first time, since the closure of the street, which is really animated, but it's only a beginning, if you have listened to the newspaper of Sidul yesterday evening, you have heard the sign expressed on this object, we will find it in a few moments, she will explain a little what the great projects of the municipality are, to animate the city center, practically become in its ensemble, piatonie, second piece of the fountshop. Voilà, the fountshop, thank you gentlemen for giving very officially the delivery cost of this special edition of the redaction, direct from the square of the Louvre, to the midi alentours, are the waves of the radio of the region, the Zanoise, a radio that offers you every Saturday, are in the good sense, the truth takes the best, because it is the title of this edition. Voilà, the fountshop, thank you for being our company, I hope you are wHaïti ng with a passion to go to Berne, since there is a demonstration this afternoon, and you will assist, not only assist, but participate. So, before talking with the president of the Socialist Party of the Zanoise, a few notable of the 10 parties of the why of the animation of this square, yesterday the municipality, a few militants is notable, yes if you want, a few militants, a few militants of the Socialist Party, let's talk now with the notable, the syndic of the city of Lausanne, you gave yesterday a press conference, the municipality in which, for those who have listened to the newspaper, they realized that there was a whole series of topics in the order of the day, but there was obviously, placed in preambul of this conference, in mind even of this last, a few words for the Zanoise and the Zanoise, when in the future of this square, the square of the Louvre which has become a pedestrian, I think it would be good that this morning the square in the middle of the city, or the church in the middle of the village, explaining what will happen here in a few weeks, from the moment we can settle down, without losing 12 kilos because of the cold and be completely frozen. Yes listen, so maybe we have to do a little bit of history, about this place of the Louvre which is on the west edge of the city hotel, the pendant, maybe a little less populated, recently, the pendant of the Place de la Palu. So this Place of the Louvre, it is, it is, it is, it is doing all, it is doing all, our eyes, all naturally, part of the whole pedestrianized, as we say today, the city center, that is, this area where the street rises to centuries in the back, well before the individual traffic motorized, that is, a street which is ready to be used to move the pedestrian and not to the vehicles. So we know, the opening of the city center to the pedestrian, the recognition of their priority, it is a movement that was launched a long time ago, since in fact the first pedestrian streets were created, it can have the expo of 64. And then it was heard like that, progressively, to release a space to reserve it to the pedestrian and to the private, to prevent it from vehicles, except for delivery, naturally. Every time it was the same thing. It was very long until it could be done. And when it was done, it was with following the ugly, and despite the ugly, especially the merchants, who at every time cry at the loss of the number of business, at the perspective of the annulation of their possibility of business. And then at every time too, barely an opening to the party, we saw, understood the merchants, and they at first said, ah, but it's good, the people now go through, they don't look, they go from one window to the other, it's good. So the last important step before the one that brings us here today, it was the closure of the Dima street. There is a motion by the former municipal council Jean-Jacques Chil, from the municipal council who goes back a decade ago, it was 1982, I think, 1988, in any case, to close the Dima street. Ah, no question, procedure, there was nothing less than the perspective of important work in the conduct, on the conduct that are in the basement of the Dima street so that it can finally be closed to the circulation, in the bus, in October, it was in October 1991, and then there was a good year of work, and then at the end of the last year, we closed the holes, but we didn't open the street at the circulation. That's an example, typical of the procedure. You have to know that in October 1991 it was closed, two months later, the seasonings are gone, the work is slowed down in the perspective of Christmas, we asked the merchants if they wanted to reopen the street at the circulation, they said, it's okay, it's okay, it's the proof that every time there are dormitories, and every time there is satisfaction. The next step, it's the one that comes into view today, it was planned for a long time in the back, since we thought that after the party in the June of 1991, we could stay at a pedestrian square in the immediate environments, the streets of Grand Saint Jean, the streets of Pichard. The procedures are intervened, which have all kinds of procedures that I am doing for you, we do that in the end, the place of the Louvre and the adjacent streets could be opened at the pedestrian square and reserved at the pedestrian square, with of course the delivery at the time planned for this effect. It was at the beginning of January this year. It is not obviously the ideal time to walk. This morning, it is sunny, it is a little bit of rain too, but it's okay. And this morning, the socialist party chose to proceed, the first animation of this place. It is a first, I would say that the socialist party was faster, if we want it well, than the municipality, since it is there, as you mentioned earlier, announced yesterday the municipality, that until April 15, until April 30, this place would be moved, its provisions, but it will already be something that will re-habit the Luzanans to take possession of this place. It will be moved by anticipation, as for the Luzan party, with the double-wet red-white veil, with the podium on which the musicians and artists can be presented, etc. And with some other animation elements, which will make this place of the Louvre a new space, which will also allow, perhaps, to the place of the Palu, to be moved by the vote under the city hotel properly. So this is an important step, in a wider and further perspective, we can already think that we are approaching the realization of the Langalen, which was imagined during the years to come, and which is to be able to join at foot and without danger the two doors of the old city, martyred in the hall, of the Martyred Tower, of the Martyred Gate, in the Hall Tower, we should be able to continue and avoiding the left-hand cuts that constitute, for example, the Al-Dimand Street and the Louvre Street. Well, we can continue the Louvre Street, we can continue, we will remain in the first place and for a certain time the central street, but there, the crossing to the right of the Saint-François descent of innovation, this crossing is already quite generously managed for the pedestrians, and it will be in the future of the Martyred, the Ruin Ang, the street of the Louvre will remain in the Piedon, and then, until the end of the street, there, we will really have an access inside the city with places that are large, if it is there, an access that we can walk on foot, it will be, I believe, a great conquest for urbanism and for the inhabitants of the Zaloids. There is one of the questions that is now asked, what is the next step after the Louvre Street, you just mentioned the Ruin Ang, you just talked about the top of the street, it's for when? So listen, the little experience that I have of political life and urbanism in the Zaloids, forbids me to articulate a date. I reminded you earlier how difficult it was to go forward, but in fact, it is the next objective, and when one is reached, today, the place of the Louvre and its surroundings, well, the next one and immediately becomes the priority objective. The municipality, the left, the parties that govern our city have kept their promise at the level of the pedestrian zones, have you taken too much risk to some of the elections? In a sensitive area for the Los Anoes and the Los Anoes, the one of the city's circulation? Listen, a program is not made to be nice at the moment of the elections, it is made to be useful at the moment of the implementation. And that's the reason for which, of course, outside of all considerations, who can't be as good as you said, I think there are people who actually want to go with their car just in front of the store they are going to buy and others who think the city center must be a space of tranquility in which at the level of the pedestrian, we can move. In conclusion, Yvette Yagi, with the wind blowing on the Louvre's square, to prove that we are well in direct, ladies and gentlemen, a little bit of a question, what is the provocation, is the municipality, is the left-wing, the Anoes, is primarily anti-automobilist? Listen, it's not at all, the problem is not at all in these terms, pro or anti-banyol, to say the things more cruelly. No, the problem is to know what the city is at, and what the inhabitants use and those who circulate the reserve. The city center, but that's a constant everywhere, you see it, the city center everywhere, and trying to be reserved to the pedestrian and to find a vocation of proximity. And that's just renewed after a few decades of circulation that have become very strong, it consists of finding the vocation of the city center, which is the city city of the city of the city of the city of Pilots. Thank you for these few words, Madame LaCindique. Good trip to Bern. We are in a few seconds, on the areas of the Luzano region, the place of the Louvre, where we are going this morning with a broadcast in the evening at 8.30, 9.30. The place of the Louvre live for this party organized by the Luzano socialist party, you will hear in a few seconds of the president, as much as she hears the serene song of your servant and that she comes since she is in full discussion with another president, the one from the radical party in the micro of the 108 to not interrupt, since this broadcast will be a little shorter than it used to be, she started in delay, we wanted to take the temperature before you do it. LaCindique to the president of the Luzano socialist party, immediately on the areas of the Luzano region, Sylvia Zamora, can we explain the reason for this party, the reason for this demonstration, you have decided to make a step of the temperature, it is not always obvious, but it seems to work, because there is a lot of people on this place, so why organize a first animation and in some way take the municipality in its intentions. But the temperature is quite nice for the beginning of spring, the socialists, we want to mark the spring that comes in town and the pedestrians who have the place of the wolf and are resettled, thus giving the whole city center again to the inhabitants of Luzano, without cars and the reactions of people this morning, we must say that indeed, it was a necessity, people are very happy to be able to stop on the spot, to discuss between them, the people, the children running like that between the tables, and it gives another image, another color to the city. Well, there are not only happy people, there are people who are not very satisfied this closure. So I don't know, I haven't heard a lot of my content, and then, if I would like to know what happened to the immense that the Sunday was called earlier, it is that at the beginning, people are surprised a little, they are afraid, they wonder what consequence it will have, and then once it's open, they wonder how we can live otherwise until now. What is it, it's a anti-bannol policy? It's not an anti-bannol policy, it's a policy to make life pleasant to the city center. I think there is a place for cars, it's not in the center of the city, and then it doesn't prevent people from cycling, from stopping very close, and then from coming to do their business here. You have seen the world go, people don't seem happy. How do you explain that the protestors, the protestors, the protest merchants, there are bad times, there are bad times, the protest merchants systematically when the municipalities of some cities that are Zurich or Lausanne to take two examples at the extreme, of course, close the streets at the circulation. I think the current economic situation is difficult for everyone, it is also difficult for the merchants, and it may be a reflection, a first reflection, that try to reject the responsibility first on the authorities. It's a reflection that many people have, they respect, they say to themselves, what do we do for us, against us, and then the merchants, it's people like the others. The first reflection is to say it's the fault of others, it's not the fault of the crisis and then the situation, and it gives them a little hope, but in fact they realize it well, we see it well in the morning, they tell us now that the fact that the big one is in the pedestrian street, it favors their business since people stop in front of their windows, they come more easily. What they ask is that we actually close a certain number of streets at the circulation, we make pedestrian zones, but we build parking at the limit of these 10 zones, you are not quite agree with that. I don't think we agree with that. Besides, the municipality has just given the authorization to enlarge the parking of the Rippon. It is really in the middle, at the entrance of the pedestrian zone, and it shows well that there is a will to also favor the shopping mall, we are going to create a certain number of additional places that go exactly in the sense of what the shopping mall ask. At the same time, the politics of the left and the ecologists in power is to say we limit the duration of parking, for example in the city center, is that a resolution policy for the car? So there too, it is a policy that will favor the shopping malls because when we had the discussions about the pre-sale on the parking, we realized that when decreasing the parking duration, we accelerated the rotation of the cars and that it was not favorable to the limitation of pollution, which we also aspire to. But we have accepted this measure which does not go exactly in the sense of our will, precisely to favor the shopping malls to make places accessible to customers. So if I understood well, it is a left-right problem. The right wants to defend the shopping malls, but I don't think so. The right says that it defends the shopping malls. But I think we have a policy that favors the shopping mall precisely by the rotation to accelerate places in the center, precisely by the opening of the shopping malls that make a sale of the customers and customers. We say that the city of Lausanne is dead in the evening because there are too many shopping malls. I think that the city of Lausanne is not dead in the evening because there are too many shopping malls. In the evening, people come home, it is the problem of all cities, or they are concerned in places where there are cafes, where there are terraces such as Aushi. What I think is that to drive the center, it would be nice to have a cafe in the middle. If a merchant let you launch there in a week. I will ask you because we can't even agree to put terraces in the city on Sunday. And then I think that's not really the fault of the merchants. I don't think it's the fault of the municipality of Lausanne. I think that would be favorable to what a terrace that is created somewhere in the city. And here, on the place of Louvre. I think that we should launch the idea and then we will open the debate. There is no coffee there, but probably... The syndic proposed a wine pint of Lausanne city. At the micro of the radio. It's an excellent idea because the wine is particularly good. We will have to see the cakes for a certain municipality who loves them a lot. We will take a short break. Ladies and gentlemen, we meet right after on the radio waves of Lausanne region as the syndic of the Lausanne party said earlier to continue to talk about this place of Lausanne on which we find ourselves, under the point and at the key until noon live with Rodifusion in the newspaper of the evening on Acidule. On the 12.8 of the FM band, I listen to Acidule, the radio of the Lausanne region. Direct from the place of Lausanne on the 12.8 for a short break history of better inform you about what is going on here. Of course, with Rodifusion in the newspaper of the evening with Laurent Marmille who is a municipal council who is a socialist too. Laurent Marmille, you told us in Antenne, in Kulis there are a few moments that you plan to put forward a certain number of concerns linked to the pedestrian zone pedestrian zone or the circulation with views on one of the zones that we have presented earlier as a potentially pedestrian zone. I don't know if it's said in French, but pedestrian zone is the street of Bourre. Tell us a little about what you plan to do in the area. Hello. Hello. I think that the message has explained very well that the last traffic that should be made of pedestrian zone is the top of the street of Bourre. The H-Nôte-Bourg is the street of Lyon. I think that whoever is going to walk there has a lot of trouble to see the traffic that still circulates on this traffic. So to have a coherent pedestrian zone that extends on all the old city, in fact, I think it is necessary to put these last streets in pedestrian zone to have a more coherent thing. Obviously, the motorists will tell you that it has become impossible to approach the city centre. Where can we go? Where can we park? These are the traditional arguments of those who drive and who come to the city in a car. Some are obliged. We agree, but I don't think that these are streets that are extremely not suitable for the strategic cars, I don't think that these are fundamental streets. I think that we have to make one more step and close this part. But in general, when we take one side, we give the other. In any case, in most European cities, it is like that. It seems to be like that. What do you propose to the party for those who need or who must or who want to park near their shops, near their bistro? There are many pizzerias, for example, in the corner of St. Pierre. It will be a good thing. Already today, if you are going to sell history on Saturday evening in the district of St. Pierre, it is there to be a problem. So what are you going to propose in the other party? But I think that we absolutely have to change the optics. We don't want to get to the city center by car anymore. We are creating now great parking between the navigation. There will be an increase in parking in the Rippon. And I think that people absolutely have to change their habits and park a little further and use public transport. Don't we tend to put the street a little bit before the bubble? Public transport is effective, but they are not extraordinarily performing. And then if you ask people to park outside the city, you have to give them the means to get to the city center in the evening like in the morning. So I think that the city center directly, the city center is easily accessible. If I take, for example, the navigation parking that will open very soon, there is no problem to get to the city center very quickly since there is the row that goes up and that goes straight. And people who want a little of a little of a vignette turn to this city, they will go home if they have to park in the city. We have to go down since the city center at the foot, right? Because there is no subway from midnight, it's a little problem. So indeed, this is, but then there is something else than Couchi. We also have the parking of the city center, which is him at the city center and who is far away, not completely occupied in the evening. Do you think there is enough parking at the city center with the enlargement in perspective of the city center? Do we have to do it again one or two? I think we arrived at a stadium where we can no longer have the desire to increase the number of parking in the city center. It must now be developed, however, the parking of the city center. I think it will be one of the priorities that you will really put in place. So this motion, you will put it in the municipal council? I will put it in the municipal council Marnie. Very well, thank you to Laurent Marnie. He is there, he decides at this moment, he will replace a few moments in style by our microphone. It's Joel Kruchaud you know well. Joel, a question maybe to the animators for the children, the theater animator, the marionette that you are, the city animator, because there is a certain number still that goes down systematically in the street to do things. You are there today to draw. Is this city of lausanne in your opinion a city that is worth being animated? Very concretely. I don't know, I haven't met them yet. I don't know, there are many things that happen, for example, I work for the school direction, I do a lot of animation in schools, that happens. I think it's in the street the problem, but in the street can we approach a new city in the city center? I think it's in the street the problem, but in the street can we approach a new city? I think it's in the street the problem, but in the street can we approach a city or a government of a city to not animate the street? The street is animated by the people who live it. So I say to myself, I often hear people who complain that nothing happens, but when there are things, there is no one. So for example, I was very surprised last winter at the time of the night openings, people who, the number of people who came in the street, simply because the shops were open, without wanting to buy, they went down because there was an animation. As they go down to the city, without necessarily buying something on Saturday morning and then they are on Saturday in the city. But there is a period of time where we can go down to the city when it's beautiful, if there are no open shops. What you hear is that people go down to the city only because the shops are open. I don't know if it's because of shops, but they are maybe sure to cross the world. And people hardly come out, I think, if they will meet alone in the street. What is the mentality of the Zanois? I don't know if it's the mentality or a habit, maybe maybe we should put a little more heat on them or maybe people bring a little bit of heat to warm them up like that. Do the artists know how to go down to the city without being given a hide? Today, yes. It depends on what you are concerned about. It depends on what you are doing and on your commitment. It depends on whether you want to live in a city as a resident or as an artist. I am a resident of the Zanois and my job is to be an artist of this city. So I come here as a resident and a member of the socialist party more than as an artist. And I do what I know. What do you think of the closure of the Louvre Square, the park square, the tables at the square, the sand that flies away and the drawings to make Jean-Jean-Cruchaud. I like it because I can draw in the middle and I don't do it very hot. Warm up. Thank you Jean-Jean-Cruchaud. Thank you. At the microphone of the Red Action we are here with you. Jean-Michel Piguet who should join us. It shouldn't be too late. He is not getting up of course. It's the morning of the Piplet. It's the morning of Saturday in the masculine sense of the term. I didn't say anything. Attention. Jean-Michel Piguet, we will talk about another facet of the problem of parking or parking in the city of Lausanne. All the cities of the Lausanne region I think in particular to support, we adopted the technique to limit parking in the city center, to limit parking in the city center but the difference between Lausanne and the city outside of the capital, the city of agglomeration is that they did not give macarons to the city center for those who live in the city center. So you, you have done the experience of macarons in the city center. We will do a quick test. Is it also positive that we say we tend to paint the rose diablo if I will explain to you how the good God in the colors of the rose Jean-Michel Piguet. Yes, hello. Hello. Take the microphone as a glass. Thank you. The rose diablo, no, I don't think so. I think it's too early to do a test because there was a first experience that was made in the city center but in a very small neighborhood. Too small for the experience to be really conclusive. It said that the people who live in this neighborhood who could take advantage of these macarons were satisfied. Simply, the neighborhood was too small. It caused problems in the border of the neighborhood. That is to say that people who could not benefit were not happy because the others had it. They said no, I'm not. I'm not aware of that. It will always be the case then. No, because I think the condition for it to work is that it happens in a very vast area. I had proposed that it would happen from the station to the city center until the border. It happens in a zone and that's what's being done. In municipal intentions, it will happen everywhere. Even in the city center, is it not a mistake to give macarons to people who live in the city center while we just want people who can access to make their purchases quickly and leave? Isn't it a contradiction? On the other hand, it's done in other cities. I think it works. Maybe it works less well in the city center. I think you have to do experiments to see if it works. I don't see any inconvenience that we renounce in the city center after a few years if we realize that it doesn't work. Isn't it a bit too exaggerated for people who already have a privilege to live in the city center? I think that what is exaggerated is the idea that when we have a car, we occupy 20 square meters for its car that we can occupy 20 square meters without a bus. I think there is no reason for the cars to be occupied 20 square meters of public domain without a bus. The principle of Macaron paying a relatively moderate tariff of 30 francs as it is expected seems to me normal. The privilege, I don't think there is a privilege. Today, a privilege is reserved for some happy elected who are in the first quarters. The day when it will be spread all over the city, there will be no more talk about privilege at all. It makes a lot of money. 20 cents more on the essence. Then the Macaron who will not necessarily be very good at the market, it makes 360 francs a year. It adds to the increases in all the areas today. For the motorist, it becomes a little the cashmere. In a certain way. Yes, but I repeat what I said. I mean, I don't think so. We must give up the idea that the occupation of 20 square meters on the public domain is free. I don't think there is a reason for it to be free. Because we create a privilege in favor of cars in favor of people who don't have a car. We create an inequality that is completely discreet. It said 360 francs a year. 30 francs a month. It didn't seem very expensive to me. Because of the experience made, people find the place. It's not a promise of a gas station that we make a car with these Macaron. They indeed have the place. Do you think we can change the habits of the day the day after tomorrow? During the years, people can access the city without problems with their cars. And suddenly, they close a certain number of streets that were key to them, for them, on Saturday in particular. We change habits really quickly like that. You didn't go to the city. We don't change it in a day, of course. We have to start well by a step. And then things go quietly. I think we need time for people to take new habits. I think we can take new habits in this area. It's not going too fast. We're not happy with you. I ask you a question. We're happy with you. People don't want to be pushed here. I think it's going too slowly. But obviously, from the point of view, I don't think it's going too slowly. For example, the Macaron. I proposed it two years ago. The project, the first ideas two years ago, it's moving forward. Is that the socialist party has become the conformed copy of the ecological party in these themes, in any case, in the field of parking, is there a difference now between the ecological and the social? I don't know. It's a difference. Maybe I'll say it. Otherwise, we all vote for the ecological, we all vote for the social. I hear no problem. I'm going to be brave to do my job. No, listen. I think we have here a common program where we agree on these things. Indeed. Because we don't agree and we have the same program for all the rest. But on this level, I think we agree on the essential, indeed. I think the other parties will come too. Whatever they want to say now. I think it's really unenlux. This evolution is unenlux. We must change the habits. We must change the mode of life use. What makes you say that this evolution is unenlux? Finally, we say it. We don't know very well why it's inspired. This way of seeing things. I think it's inspired by the simple need that we can live pleasantly in a city. Without having to breathe necessarily car gases or having to be threatened by cars every time we move to the city. I think we have to learn to live differently in a city. Without talking, of course, of the constraints of the legislation on environmental protection that impose standards to protect against noise and pollution. In any case, if we really follow these standards, there is no more car in the city or in the city. No, there will be no more car at all. There will be an important reduction of traffic. What do you have to do in your life again in the media or in the weeks or in the months to come to improve the quality of life in this city that is Ozan, in particular in the matter of circulation, because that's what we're concerned about this morning, Jean-Michel Piguet, as a municipal council, as a notable militant of the party, since you are representing this party as a municipal council. I think we're going to go at a step. I think we have to go quite quickly with the Macarons that have to complete the implementation of zones with Macarons by the possibility of parking in the periphery. We have to do it quickly now because we can't create Macarons without compensation. That is, people who come from from abroad can park their vehicles with facilities and then come to the city also easily by public transport. I think it works well in another city. It works well in Bern, or in Bal or Zurich. It's on this plan that we have to go fast now. Thank you very much. Thank you for coming this morning, this is Michel Piguet, Pierre Etienne Monot, who is the president of the Socialist group. Then we will end this show with the president of the Socialist party as we started it. If possible, I don't see it, but in music because yes, she is there. We will ask her to make a song live on the radio waves of the Luzano region with her Barbarie organ. She will then make it in the end the proposed ones by Pierre Etienne Monot and Sylvia Zamora for this morning on the Loove Place with the broadcast of the newspaper of the evening. Pierre Etienne Monot, hello. Hello Jean-Marc Kéjphe. Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old Daniels forty-year-old