 Music Music Music Music Hello! Cardboard, no phone, ID, Red Heri, RV, Karine, Nicolas, Céline, T-Luke, Ripper, Band, Press, T-C-M-E, We act very strong and we put ourselves everywhere and it's good! Music Hello! We welcome today the Ripper of Band, a jazz band that comes from the country of the Pétanque and the Pastis, a band that plays yesterday evening and that plays tonight at 21.30 at the Baré, rue de la barre no. 1 in Lausanne. Music Hello! Frédéric Schneider, bassist of the Ripper Band, 25 years old, and funny! Yes! Arnaud Ripper, drummer of the Ripper Band. Olivier Themil, saxophonist of the Ripper Band, 19 years old. You are three now in front of the microphones but the whole band, how many? So we are six, five musicians and a sound engineer, a sound technician, more particularly, here. And so there is William Zaglio. Yes, William Zaglio on the guitar, 26 years old. So Laurentiou, the technician, who is 23, 24 years old, Benjamin Ripper on the keyboard, who is 20 years old. So to start, I wanted to ask you, why did you decide to play jazz and why jazz, fusion? No question. In fact, it's no coincidence. No, no, in fact, what there is, is that we all listen to different music. Fréd, he listened to rock, William of Hard Rock, and Arnaud Benetmore, we listen to jazz. And in fact, the music that allowed us to meet was jazz fusion because it mixes everything. Yes, that's right. You define your music as a fusion jazz based on a common feeling and on a groove unit. Explain to me a little bit, because it's a bit confusing. Well, it's easy to understand, you see. Because we really look at music a lot, and what we do together is the feeling. It's the thing that we are or we are not with. But groove, what do you think about it? The groove is... You have to turn it, the music turns, it moves forward. There is no explanation. It's an expression we hear often, and every time I ask, what does it mean? You groove man, yeah, it's a groove. Yes, when you do the groove, it's the mind. It turns, it turns like... It turns my cats. It turns the round, there you go. You mean that the five musicians play together, in symbiosis? Ok. So it seems that your music is located at the meeting point of current and older bands. That's what you said before, it's a mix of everything, jazz fusion. That is to say that we all come from different horizons, different musical horizons. Some have listened to a lot of rock, modern music, others have listened to jazz, and the fact of meeting, it's like music is compositions, it's not standards that we take back, it's our pieces, so they are inspired by each one. We compose them all together. There is one of the musicians who gives an idea of the start, and then we work the pieces together. It's a collective work. It's a collective work, while respecting the spirit of each one. It should be very difficult, it must be very hard for you to laugh at. It's terrible. Because there is never someone who comes with a very pret composition, for example. Yes, but it's democratic. What we vote for is the leader who decides this to democracy. No. What we vote for is that he works, the one who composes, he will all enter on the computer or on cassette, on the Cubase, it's an informatic system. So he will do the bass part, the drums part, etc. Then he takes it to the repeat, and we all decide what we are going to do, we put our cancel. There is an idea of the start, and then we will interpret it in our own way. Please stop, and please, don't bother your friend who doesn't stop. He tries to get wet, to talk seriously, not to say stupid things. Is there any more difficult at the end? He is afraid! In fact, there is one who has an idea, with his song, 10 years of everything, we say, I did this part, this part, this part, from there, we take it, and after 5 minutes, we say, yeah, that's not bad, but we're going to try something else. Each one adds his grain, so that at the end, it's a kind of big mess, monster. And it makes a song. We say that you have a lot of rigour in the flat setting, what does that mean? It's wrong. No, but it's... We have to structure a minimum of our music, to be able to be able to delirious afterwards. That is to say, we have a plot that could be quite costly at the beginning, but we always make a book. Each concert is different, but we still have a plot of departure that is identical. You are passably young, and then the press insist a lot on this point. It's a question, I think it's hard to answer, but is it hard to be young in the jazz environment, which is still the three quarters of the time, the good groups, these people who are still quite old, who have a lot of things behind them. We think it's an advantage for us. Yeah. The guy who is surprised when he sees in a diffusion concert, in general, these guys from 30 years old who play, when he sees us, it's a surprise. And it will be what we do with the Rolling Stones, it's a shame. And we laugh. You laugh, it's very good. During your concert, I saw the end of the concert last night, you said, very Eric, that you don't understand nothing about jazz. That is to say, for me, jazz is true. I play it, I like the spirit, but I don't know, it's hard to explain. That is to say, none of us really studied jazz. There are schools of jazz, there are, but none of us really did a particular school, which makes us listen to a lot. We listen to it. We are self-taught. Do you take classes? A little bit. A little bit. For me, I take the saxes of harmony, Arnaud takes the drums. Otherwise, it's the only ones. It's the only ones who take classes. I'm sure the audience, it's the only ones. Ah, well. The music you are hearing now, behind our interview, is called Velo by Night. It's a song by Ripper Band that we are interviewing today on Radio Assygule, because we don't have a phone. And that was difficult to launch completely in music. I don't know if we had a video or a video, but we have a video. We have a video, we have a video, we have a video, we have a video, we have a video, we have a video, we have a video, we have a video, we have a video, we have a video, we have a video, we have a video, we have a video, we have a video. I don't know if there were others that were doing other and other studies or they are already doing something to other things, but this is still a decision that is... that is quite difficult to learn. It's not really a decision. It's being slowly and logically being more or less letting go of what we are doing elsewhere for those who are totally behind Ripper Band. But what... what is the decision that makes you take? Well, the fact that we have more and more contracts and that it's starting to work and we have to devote ourselves totally to music. Especially that we have so much pleasure to play together that at the end we would like to do all the time that. Do you have times when you don't want to play at a concert, for example, you have to play one evening and there are people who don't want to play. Never, never, never. It's always a... we go to the mind of saying that it's always the last concert and that we will always play the best. That's right. And then, no, because I saw the saxophonist last night, when we were out of the concert, we had a jam there. You absolutely have to know that we are there. I thought, yes, we always play. My nickname is a crustator. As soon as there is a buff to do, I just go out. And then it has a lot of importance for you. The buffs that we tell you, we call them jams. As I said to you earlier, it holds more than the buff. It's always in the beautiful wine. What you have to say is that in jazz, the jam or the buff, it's the principle of meeting musicians. That is to say, when you make a jam, you meet musicians that you don't know, you learn to enjoy playing with them. And for us, it's really important. Do you sometimes don't work? Yes, as last night, it didn't work at all. Between us, very good, but... No feeling with the Swiss? Yes! Yes, yes, yes! I'm not sure if Switzerland... Avant-hier, it's very good. Avant-hier, we were doing a little reception, reception, it was very nice. Festival, we arrived, we got together at 5, you were all alone, it was difficult. It was an invasion, we did the buff between us. It was an invasion, free, and more free. And then, in festivals, I think you're lucky to play with great musicians. It must be great. Yes, what is very good, is that it keeps a very simple spirit, they are very nice, open, and we learn a lot from them. And that's why we keep the sacred fire, I think. And then, a certain humor, and... stay nice, simple, open. In fact, it's our city, so we can't do it differently. What is your current goal in Switzerland, being in Switzerland, for a precise reason? We come to Switzerland to get to know each other, to give ourselves a little... the opportunity to play abroad, I think. It's the first time you've been in France, right? Yes, it's the first time we've been out of the territory. Oh, that's good. Well done, guys! And you played in Paris? No, no, but we'll soon be playing. Ah, yes. It's planned, but we have time. But is it your goal, or not at all? Oh, yes, it's an objective. Paris is, how to put it, it's among others. We don't expect to be a group of Paris, but we want to be a group of everywhere. We want to diversify, play everywhere. The biggest objective of the group is to get to know the whole Europe, or the whole world. That's all. It's the local group of the corner. In Japan... Do your daily life, every day, it influences your music. We're a pioneer. A pioneer. 48 hours a day, 24 hours a day, it's clear. You do what you're doing, you think about it, you live only for yourself. It's not true. It's all you. Girls in all that, we have it. You have the space for... We try, we try, we have to do part of things. Stay human, stay human. When we go, we attach them. How many music do you have in your music? 30. 30. Yeah. That's a lot. And the improvisation in Google. And the standards. We have standards to be able to have fun. We have some standards, we take some standards, we go to the rhythm of blues. Oh yeah. Depending on the atmosphere. What do people look in the jazz scene because you're young, they don't look at you from above. Recently, we did the Orsir-Merlette festival. In France. Yeah, in France. In France. In France. In France. It's the festival in winter in France. It's the capital of the jazz festival in winter. And we were very in touch with a guy who was taking care of the Vienna festival and among other things, who wrote articles for jazz-hottes, so at a national level. He saw our concert and asked him exactly what he wanted to see. And he said what's good when you go on stage, is that you see kids going on stage and then you hear a music that has no relation and there is such a shift that everyone is surprised. As well as the musicians than the audience. That's it. That's a great idea. Ripper Band. That's it. You're always on the 102.8 radio in acidule because you don't have to call. With our three friends of Ripper Band. Unfortunately, they miss them. But both are like that. I wanted to ask you all these beautiful articles that we can see on you. Don't you think it's a bit on your head? It's very hard. Because there is no more basketball that goes on and it's dramatic. And the show is the same. We have the referee who is in. It's incredible. And then I have to put my feet on it. So it's... Oh yeah, totally. You only have to put your shoes on. Put your feet on it. You have to walk naked. We are in Ripper Band. But they miss them. Where is their little past? There is Benjamin who is going to take a class. I don't know where. But a class of something. There is William who takes the opportunity to drag. We lost sight of him. We will find him later. Certainly. Speaking of colleagues, I wanted to thank people from Twin Productions. Vincent who is next to Véronique and he is a great friend of mine. He is a great friend of mine. He is a great friend of mine. He is a great friend of mine. He is a great friend of mine. He is a great friend of mine. He is a great friend of mine. He is a great friend of mine. Véronique and Yves who are great. They make us a hell of a follow-up. They are guys who are as bad as us. They have a big head like us. They make you a follow-up in Switzerland. Oh yes. Excuse me, in Switzerland. What do you think of the current jazz that is being done now? It is jazz. It is great. It is great. Do you prefer, I don't know, which group, for example, you prefer? For example. The most famous group? The most famous. The most famous group? The most famous group in the world? The most famous group in the world? The most famous group in the world? The most famous group in the world? It is the Rolling Stones. No, but... It is not jazz. We listen to jazz, we listen to everything, in fact. The rolling beats. The French, the Swiss, we don't know too much. Yeah, but good. The American. Yeah, but good, the question is not answered. No, our inspiration. I have a blabber, guys. No, we really like the weather report. Yeah. I think it's been a while. And otherwise, we like all the music. We really like jazz at the end of the day. We really like jazz and we like jazz today. But also the bebop, the hardbop and even... The rap. There is a drink and a snack. Or even the rap. The rap. The rap. The rap. The rap. The rap. And we do it a lot. You are quite a groove rap. Yeah, yeah, that's for sure. The rap, everything is fine. Yeah, there is no problem. The rap, it's jazz. Yeah. There are very few women in this environment, this environment, so jazz. It's a shame. Yeah, but it's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. It's a shame. Yeah, but they still have it. But is there a lot of PD? Sorry? No. You think that jazz, I don't know what, that the guys in general are more... It has to change. Yeah. It has to change. There are more and more women in jazz. I think that the more there are women, the more the mentality will change. And the more the mentality will be great. You see, why don't you make a piano? You will be fine. Yeah. I tried, but I didn't succeed. I see well, Celine, the battery. The hair is pink. It's a great drummer. I don't know if you say drummer. It's called Tyrelline Carrington. Yeah. She is a woman, but she is a great jazz girl. There is also Jerry Allen, American great pianist. So we meet again tonight at the Barré Space at 9.30 pm. And just to finish, I wanted to make a little remark. Because I saw the end of your concert last night at the Barré Space. Oh no. And there was a little Frédéric who tried to unfortunately imitate the Swiss accent, which actually does not exist. The French still didn't understand that. We're disgusted. And besides that, I wanted to ask you, how did you find the Swiss? They are very welcoming and everything works well here. Super. Yes, super. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. How did you find the... I'm so proud. The chocolates and everything. So there are more. How many did you find? The chocolate, the Swiss, and the ambiance is fantastic. Shut up. How did you find the thousands, the tens, the... The five that were there. The five that were there. Very motivated. Luckily, we were there in the light. But come back tonight, don't worry. Super. Super. So I repeat, we can meet again tonight at 1.30 pm in the barry space, on the street of the bar number one. And I hope there will be a lot of people. It's 15 for the entrance. It's not very expensive. And then, go ahead. Go ahead, everyone. Thank you very much for coming. It's been a pleasure to meet you. Thank you. And good luck for the next one. You're a fucking idiot. A story of a well-planned life, a little press release. So last week, we were surprised by the monster campaign of pubes made by our very expensive Swiss army. So we thought, well, they're gonna stop. It's one week and that's it. Well, no, they keep going. And they even do very well, with, for example, in 24 hours, a grenade kills a soldier and hurts a graded to the coffin. So, well, it's always the same grenade put back on purpose. It's the third, a third shit that happened with this grenade in a few months. And then, it ends the article by saying that, well, last week, there was also 13 injured in Apro during a day of instruction. So, well, we're saying that, well, they may have the money to continue this superb pub campaign in all the Swiss newspapers. And it's true that next to the price of the F18, it's not much. So, will they continue? We don't know, in any case, we'll keep you informed. But, well, I don't know how to think about how to get reformed. I just want to get a grenade in my face. And it's good. You can also get crushed by Mariette Pachou who, I remind you, has become taxi driver. And then, there's not only the army that makes a pub for the F18 against the F18 at the same time, since they're all making us explode grenades against us, but there are also the rockers who are against the F18, 40 groups that display their anti-militarism, including, for example, the Maniacs de Genève. So, let's remember a little the history of this anti-militarism. In October 1989, attracted by some rock formations, 25,000 people gathered in Berne on the Federal Square. And this festival was the culmination of the campaign for a Swiss without army. I remind you, 35.6% of the wind. We hope to do better for the F18. So, precisely, the group for a Swiss without army launched its campaign against the F18. We'll have to pronounce it in June. And then, a CD comes out. A double CD, entitled Stop F18. And then, 42 groups from all the regions in Switzerland. A politically correct selection, since there are so many Romantic formations that Switzerland is German, so many girls, the rest are the old ones, it's respected, the dialect, the old ones. In short, we find everything and for all the tastes. Except that, we're only Switzerland, they must have looked for them, so we don't say, we're Switzerland, that's all. And the Romans are present with a unique sense. The Mañac, Mad Whisper and Jamien, for example, and all the groups have provided a free song, so it's good that they are convinced by anti-militarism. But the goal is, in fact, we sell this CD, collect funds and organize another great free festival in Bern in June. Obviously, the culmination of the campaign for a Swiss without F18. In Switzerland, culture is a poor layer of varnish that institutions go through our daily misery to hide the wheel. We are giving ourselves good conscience. That's what the group Je ne vois, the unknown soldier, expresses. And then a reverend who wants to make money and do business, offers the plans of a circle in the USA for $9.95. So, we have a lot of money in the world, but we have to make $9.95. So, they provide the plan and the family is looking for the wood and doing the work, etc. So, a circle of factories easily costs thousands of dollars. So, it's a sacred economy. And it's not the only advantage because building yourself the last home of the missing flesh is a positive experience, an extraordinary therapeutic. That's what the reverend says and continues by saying I think that Pappy will look much better in a box made by these little children than in a circle coming from the OIO factory. Yes, so Pappy, pay attention, if you ever see your little children who are going up your circles, well, here's what. And then, the ingenuity of the group. So, that's the reverend who continues by saying we can put the circle in a garage to add provisional to arrange books. We're wHaïti ng to find the last one. Here we go. The young non-married living in the Dior County, in Pennsylvania will not make love on Monday if they... Monday, yes, if they want to be responsible for this. These last ones are concerned about attracting attention to the high rate of conception among the young girls aged 15 to 17 in this region. So, one of the responsible explains if you can abstain from it today, you can abstain from it any day. Well, it's nice. I suggest that we immediately listen to a big tub the Bee Cheese. And right away, and without any other transition, as our friend Jean-Parc Mischbaar will tell me a little info that we're going to use. There. Good night. This is you. This is today. Cris Rea March 30 at the Malaise Pâtinoir. Born in the USA. Born in the USA. Born in the USA. Born in the USA. Thank you, Bruce. Bruce Springsteen will be in April 8th in Zurich. A few days later, April 13th, Sting will also be in Zurich. Oh, thank you Vanessa. It's always nice to learn biology with her. Vanessa Paradis, who is in April 20th, at the Malaise Pâtinoir. Good day, eight days later, April 28th, in Malaise, also. And Peter Gabriel, the 15th of May, in Malaise. And the Malaise Pâtinoir. And the Malaise Pâtinoir. And the Malaise Pâtinoir. And the Malaise Pâtinoir. And the Malaise Pâtinoir. And the Malaise Pâtinoir. Reach out, touch base. And some more pre-visions to announce the pre-visions of the Dinexcess concert, the pre-visions of the Youtoo concert, Jean-Michel Jarre, and Franz Gall. All of these information were presented and proposed by Kert Kert Kert Kertompa, Telefon Ridé. I just remind you that tonight, there is a party in the centre of the Loisier d'Entrebois in Bellevaux, which is called One Night of Peace and Music. It's a great evening with lots and lots of music and 70% of it. And then, if we continue on the sluggings of Hell, the one of No Drugs in My Life, you know it, we invited them last week. There is one more evening to be available, tonight, at the Grand Hall of Mésière. Mother of all people, born of a Sign, and now We see the light. Watch you grow, we gonna stand up for or a right. So you better stand up! In the morning, Stand up! For Your Right, Stand up! for Your Right. Get up, stand up! Don't give up for fire, Don't give up, Don't give up, Stand up! Stand up! Stand up for your right. Get up, Stand up! Get up! Stand up! Don't give up for fire, Get up, Stand up! Stand up! Stand up! Stand up for your right. Stand up! Stand up! Stand up! Still in the announcements, a little rubric, TCM, Theatre, Cinema, Music, Exposition. You just missed the show, song of the pack, of Ramu and the stage of Danny Meifert. An excellent performance that you just missed this afternoon. Yes, but it will be no doubt played and we will tell you where this time, a little ahead so that you can prepare. Budapest in a few days. Certainly. But yes, it's true. Really? Yes. So, go to Budapest to see a Ramu performance, song of the pack, of Ramu. What a sad end of the year, you will only have to be there this evening but go ahead, don't forget, Moscow and Tushki, it's until Sunday April 4th, until Sunday next, the bill is also until Sunday April 4th. It's also on the side of the small theater, it's a show for children, but after all, we are all children or great children, it depends. And then, an exhibition not to miss, since it is quite original, of Mix & Remix, 20 small drawings. This Alessane, obviously, the white of the eyes, it's a place entitled like that, it's simply the cathedral. And you can go until April 7th, we take a date, obviously with the one who makes the drawings of Mix & Remix, that is to say, you can call at 311-28-46 or 311-43-64, you take the appointment with him and he makes you visit his little exhibition. It's rather nice as a formal. And he announces a conference, the Association of parents of students organizes next Tuesday, so this Tuesday, a conference on the theme of the teenager today and tomorrow. She will be held at 20.15 at the Grand Hall of the world, which is actually in the small world, just below the Grand Hall, and which will be given by Louis Kielcher, who was, by the way, came a few weeks ago from that, even almost a year ago, to talk about drug mediatheers. So the little article tells us that Louis Kielcher, who was originally the movement of school mediatheers and, by the way, consulting with the International Orgasm of Drug Prevention, so organism or orgasm. In the blind, it was Carton Pottheu and the Tritea Foundation. Can you please tell me what you think about this? Carton Pottheu and the Tritea Foundation. I remind you, one last time tonight, at the Baré space, at 11.30, the Ripper Band of the Marseillais, super nice, super cool, and it's at the Baré space, at the bar number one. What is this? It's a song from the TV show that is completely off. Can you please do it again? Completely off. I must see the chef with his robin behind the night, because he's doing it right. And... And next week, a dossier on the surf, the surf in Switzerland. And... The snow surf. Yes, because there are waves in Switzerland. The snow surf. And a Carton Pottheu show that will take place at 18.30, 19. Since there will be the final of the World Champion of Switzerland, Feminine, Volet, I don't know what. But anyway, that's all. Before Carton Pottheu, see you next week. Ladies and gentlemen, Carton Pottheu is over.